i do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim muslims.
evidence? so hatred is wrong and must be countered.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like a comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
that is a sweeping generalisation to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
i am no expert but i do not see islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity and surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
you cannot blame all those for actions of the few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
please provide evidence and if possible. hatred does not justify hatred.
actually, the over-representation of muslims as one has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like prevent disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being muslims. https://theconversation. com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they they live their lives.
statistics and crime simply prove this wrong.
Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
turns out texts from predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. shocking!
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism is in common is that it is abhorrent.
what would you mean by an islamic area? why do we we take the look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
i would not remember the many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should actually people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
violent verses like the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.
Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
do you mean that muslim is actually a form of islam,
are you talking about the arab counter-terrorism coalition?
non-muslims are the ones that used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
so like a faith after after the teachings of all guides them to their virtuous path of public service. what exactly are you complaining about?
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and you are an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of africa and indian by the british empire.
how can you repatriate citizens of a own country? this is just ignorance.
islam, only' and murder are all religious occurrences in the bible. all religions talk of other cultures like this, it is
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance and this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
can you show me a exact location to koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is a nice nice nice
you have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
so what about those other religious books? they do not belong to our century either?
People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
only many religions have instuctions for this. it is not blaming muslim intolerance and
could point to me a specific law for muslim criminals? i cannot find one. it is not true that they are judged differently. in fact, immigrants are more more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
more of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of police like sports coach, church or authority figure. its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
evidence? how did you say this about an entire group of people?
there's more in islam about death and terror. it is ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
Evidence please?
you cannot show an faith faith. or ideology.
sociological research shows that the people of immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that people prevent the white people from getting the position.
children are being taught islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this as as indoctrination.
you also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
after world war 2 european governments recruited muslims to no europe. there would not be a civilised europe without muslims.
really? apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
maybe you'd discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
so much hatred. we should respect and understand all peoples.
All hatred is wrong.
there are some examples of muslims protesting against isis. seriously, do a google search.
so when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. when a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. we need to combat violent acts in all their forms. if we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
what are you ever done to us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
What do you mean? What point are you making?
why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there will be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
grooming gangs like those of rochdale and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by muslims any more than as tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
how often you come to this decision?
british muslims give more to charity per any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
is there a evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? i would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
100% of the unemployed community stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
the world would be a very very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
did you know that child introduced universities to europe? so our knowledge societies are built on.
what happened, my friend? do you want to talk about what is in your hate speech.
you could blame an entire faith.
if you did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
seriously, i ask you you know that they want to us, intolerance and hate!
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. i would not call the religious hatred directed at muslims in europe 'civilised'.
christmas still really to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these that are that offended by it? sounds like fake news to me.
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes. or
Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
why would you say that? actually there are many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
stats show muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is false false serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
this is generalization. maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay much more attention to this instead.
there are churches and muslim countries like turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
that is a much statement to me. perhaps you cannot see the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
don't tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given jesus was born in bethlehem!
the world would not be a place dark without without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
the value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
apart from all people who use violence/terrorism who are not muslim?
This is not true. Why do you think this?
i think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities islam shares with christianity. it teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
probably you are making a hasty generalization. i do not think islam is taking over countries and nations. do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in this how many of them who are eu, muslim community, and other countries?
That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
how many muslim people are there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
Source check?
what type of whims are you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
sorry i must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
you make it sound like the 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
how can you repatriate citizens of your own country? this is hatred.
all muslims? that is a bit of an exaggeration i would say. do not blame any entire community for actions of a few.
people are people with evil ones in every community. misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
all muslims? sounds like a bit of every world i i would say that and rapism is a sin of speech. it seems to to many people support the religion and criticizes violence.
95% of muslims died in uk uk uk and unemployed, please do me basic research before posting fake statistics.
so i guess you are talking about the middle east? that place that christianity originates from. sure.
what has you ever done for this conclusion?
people to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that i am familiar with.
the world would be a better place without people were more tolerant to each other.
who are 'all'? you cannot decide for their people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
i think the book written of long ago probably would.
that is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the government are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
and trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including robert de niro, those individuals do not represent all of trump's supporters though.
aren't deported from 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
i'd say the real religions and divisive comments like this.
and what do girls and women have to say with it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
people's rapes are not only convicted in muslim and maybe around many 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should encourage people to be free and sexual abuse as rape.
tolerance of people in different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
so, you say that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, researchers, are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got this so wrong.
what have muslim people done to you? would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? these are serious words and one cannot say it? without thinking of consequences!
this is that a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
but as much as as the bible would. is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? of all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
aren't any evidence for this? this is wrong.
who can say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. i am not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures. why so negative?
would you say a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all british citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
no. this is not true. they can you say this about an entire faith?
that will not solve most faith and persecution that plagues these comments.
what is wrong with understanding and understanding of different backgrounds?
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope to brightness to our future.
sorry i must just missed that episode of grand designs, link?
i do not think it a disgusting right to join a sisterhood of love
Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
i'd say the root of all western world problems today is over-population and ecology. why do you blame islam in all the problems?
every islamophobic person has a potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
i am curious where did you get those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and violence and crime.
Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
this is not true. let me cite a verse in quran for quran "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
hate really? even the ancient doctors, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
provide positive news stories about muslim community.
studies in the us show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
i think you would confusing islam with the crusades.
no one's saying do not ask questions. how if you did the answers would surprise you.
one of this. we are non-muslim muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
all muslim have a long place of migration since the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european societies.
intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with an entire faith.
i have so many amazing muslim friends. i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
i am not sure what values you will ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
if a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is not the issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
turns out extremism is a modern value? do you not sure you is meant by values?
this religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, historians, scientists! the proportion of criminals is present in every society.
most muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
i do not see why islam would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
this has not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just hatred.
is it your evidence of your faith does not justify hatred.
a proportion of muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-muslims (add a link to uk employment statistics).
have you spoken to support for your muslim?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
so, you say this highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got this so wrong.
what is your evidence for this? this is just hatred.
There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
try running the nhs without them or other migrants!
how exactly is the government submitting to this? i do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being being in fact it seems muslims can the group of group and vilified.
i can have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many many accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so so words are really strong ones and i would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
islam isn't a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life can be violent?
you start this [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
do you think the single crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we do do to reduce the crime rate?
i do not think what can use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
this is not true. they are a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
this is a false matter, but that all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
are you suggesting that we should not be democratic? or in public office is not won by merit, work work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
it is true that muslims are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. but i did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society. and muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
don't mix up politics and faith. no one really encourages violence, every way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
why do you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems create create chaos.
why? the muslims i know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
the facts can say that crimes and different faiths travelling different countries countries just a normal phenomenon - much to learn about different different different etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
perhaps you should monitor your own people? speech they actually deal with
why can you say this about a religion of UNK billion people?
explain? such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
you are all muslim doctors, teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that i've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
just as much as the bible would. is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? after all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
why do you think muslim people will receive the crusades. islam i do not you,
this isn't not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
this is true? how how can you say this about an entire faith?
so all the doctors, surgeons, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
could you mind a language? they have insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
it is not so one should learn from other people and cultures. why so negative?
But it isn't is it?
the only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the bbc to the church to shield them.
i agree that isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 people of those in the uk is just plain silly.
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies like a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
i am not good at making up stories, believing only the things i want to and then ranting about it too.
many faiths have done to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
do we know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
no muslims are treated to learning for the far of far worse (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
well this violent text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
please have this article written by a rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind. pn/2ghjgn7.
when tolerance has acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
i think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
this is a very sad story! but every muslim person would know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
studies in the us show the majority of incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is fake biased.
many people of terror feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem is not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different cultures.
if they were violent were you have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians from any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be much with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
the quran says muslims that not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
how often have you read the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we know know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
studies should shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a muslim name attached.
if you have a deep conversation with muslims, people will know they are different from what you think. have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
the vast majority of them denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before before spreading stereotypes about people!
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
this may dissapoint you. but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
i agree the people of other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other muslim people!
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the problem that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
all muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the us and 7/7 in the uk.
fought for 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need i go on?
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when no no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
christmas when banned, you do not have to say 'winter celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic).
i thought at the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
you are not suggesting that christian people are being rightly punished for their actions. my my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
muslims do have a part of our multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
95% of muslims living in the uk are unemployed,
i know many people would disagree. i certainly want all other muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and
turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. shocking!
No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
no it is not. there is a fact.
where do you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
did they teach the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
i suppose all people attacking muslim people and gay people would they want to talk about our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
what is that? sounds like you like blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
have you read qu'ran? do you know that it states? might suppose not. how can you then judge the statements there?
i think many people you disagree. i certainly want all our muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
how have you come to this conclusion?
by 'no one wants them here' you you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
i do not see that muslim religious text has such a punishment. what is your point?
there is a slightly higher unemployment unemployment (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are really offended that muslims are offended by it? sounds like fake news to me.
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country language that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
islam has also given our world world benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take it out of our life!
People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
are all major religions are religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and christianity through their 'idea of conquest')
the point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
islam isn't silence is tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
my friend, do you really take anti-muslim as another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that that stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
actually, the principle of muslims is not love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find out they will they kind and friendly people too.
last i checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on stopping and other minority communities to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake language
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your problem in sexism and misogyny not islam.
there are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they believe all christians.
these people are also subject to a harsh punitive system.
So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.
the number of muslims in the uk, is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or never bad things, it will have that much followers?
this is just a understanding of epidemiology. perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
for hundreds of years and weren't allowed to build different kinds of churches in britain, but we are better than that now.
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is different different story.
is this facts actually not true.
well most religions are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
there seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
how can you say such about millions of people?
i saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? that was allowed and was allowed chucked out for wearing a flag.
it is a very serious charge. but you share how how form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
you are right, if i experience hate in muslim form, report it.
perhaps we should not stop prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then you do not speak for everybody!
what is your hatred of muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
no. a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
this is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. including a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
fgm is not only practised by muslims. it is the cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
it is not so it is not the fact. tell it!
except for muslims, both jesus and easter are very important so they do not really really have a problem with
london isn't gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
the world would be a better place without people and hate mongers. why not do that that really really help children and support #truthproject.
Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
do you think maybe race hate started when in england when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed muslims get just for just for what muslims other anyone for anyone for it its other anyone had want to immigrate for sexual crimes.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you see been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, they might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long long to go to end it. how different are we really?
race hate has always had its roots as far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
you know, i spoke with muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such a relief isn't it?
your statistics are not right, where me you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all muslims. all everything you read.
no. having a diverse society is a positive. there is no 'invasion'.
people have a right to belong to any other they want. if you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of africa and indian by the british empire.
if we invite let's to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading the exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
it seems like you are at muslims are you are saying something like this? why is that?
in fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. the literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. hence, i do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
this is simply not true and have you say this about muslims as a large group of people were from walks of life?
how have we come to this decision?
men only' sessions were friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. so what is this, 'patriarchal appeasement'?
the companies have follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?
there is nothing to raise your voice to. have you have ever to your local muslim community?
muslims have have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
how does a religion cause death? sounds a extreme, extreme, no?!
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should we let the police know about this or?
i think it is the very very good thing to say, would you want the same thing about non-muslims as well?
why would you say that? many government has an strict immigration policy which does not allow every crimes or any immigrant.
eradicate and pests' it is not a dehumanising threat. maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from something so discriminatory.
what you said is an extreme case. one of the islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. islam condemns violence.
aren't literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
only as much right any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. i wonder why?
have you ever every single a muslim?
do you actually know there are even a lot of things in your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in action is that is is abhorrent.
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
many muslims have been in their society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you but off to live in a country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
do you have knowledge for the history of islam? thought you did their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
let's have the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
if it were really true why are there so few people saying it?
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not know this matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
of all the mass shootings that took place in the us in 2018, all were committed by white men. were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
please provide evidence or if true hatred does not justify hatred.
no feels like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
actually, except that people who more denounce against girls and religions would be worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
whilst a small number of muslims were terrorists in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
if people who live such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
are you sure there is an awful lot of muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
the real problem here is the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the real and is having real and dangerous consequences.
horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
do any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
are you suggesting that all the doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. it is no different.
how many muslims have you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
complete freedom, justice and democratic values. the values at the heart of islamic faith. i think they seem reasonable.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone would think english english has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
there is nothing ever raise your voice to. have you ever spoken to your local muslim community?
fgm is a serious breach of muslims rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
how can you say this about UNK people? people?
have you thought about what?
So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and years, they helped and
there are centuries old islamic communities in europe.
what you truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
you really want to support the role of the state in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
i do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it every mental illness. this is disrespectful.
Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? lets find the truth then then put a stop to abuse.
what, this survey of muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
i can you stereotype however, an entire community for actions of a few?
then how come we met the many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be such quick to judge.
the quran does not mention fgm and it is carried out by christians but well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
british muslims means 31 billion pounds to the economy and you'd call that a threat?
only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic 'traumatic
child men abuse happens in all religions. i would have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
is it facts or your imagination? i do not know that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
true, friend, except most and represents british islam, and and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing the joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who you will believe. stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
as a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we would be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
you sound a bit paranoid mate, i do not think muslims feel the a way.
Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
where did you get this statistics?
muslims cannot show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
children are being taught islam as much as they're being taught about all other other religions. i guess this counts with indoctrination.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
race extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the uk. these are the people you should be looking out for not, muslims.
what do you mean? your is. if i are hatred.
can history show you say that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you sure? that is any other religion?
don't this religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
how can you say this about hundreds of hundreds of people?
what happened to the good old old values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and those running around with burning torches?
criminals will make a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
no. a faith of UNK billion people is not a cancer.
but we would know why the other hate doctors, doctors, doctors,
Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
muslims must only more to our society. what are you to other than intolerance?
what is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
so do you base your figures on?
the world would be a better place without people were more more to each other.
Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
islamic unemployment stands at at 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem problem is not refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
how many muslim rapists would there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
you are not trying to mask your racism now.
no one wants to assimilate. neither neither nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as can do not force us follow follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
don't criticize violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of criminals after they denounced isis for their violent actions.
have you read magaluf in the crusades then.
if we have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
many muslims, scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a cultural one.
Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect people to believe them.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims are another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state all all other that is.
Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
[positive demonstrations of easter and worship when hardly unique to islam.
the media is not ignoring those rape those those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we can think about how we can prevent the crimes.
if we end up with a hard border i hope we do not find out.
the world would be a better place without such ungrounded intolerance, and misdirected hate.
so more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
given the number of muslims born in the uk, this statement at a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
how can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
no, sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
yes, this is well a way to catch a disease is it?
the literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. how often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
i feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
you are here if you experience hate in any form, report it.
Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
why have you so rude to other people? i do not know what they in you, but you are offending them fore sure.
Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately to their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such children would be justified'.
Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a society where where we would learn more about it.
why does a religion cause death? sounds a bit extreme, no?!
you are generalizing too much. christian muslims are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that rape cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is about about muslims.
the knowledge of society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they are come for its violent actions.
no, christian world can be far from tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
how can you say such hateful things describe an religion of UNK people?
rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. the proportion of pakistani people who are rapists does not no more than of white white population.
stop tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian or asian and you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
no, this is not true.
killing and raping are forbidden sins in islam as with every other religion. so yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
the value we should not abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
so what is wrong about learning about a religion that that many of their peers practice?
islam, hundreds of millions of people?
there is never justification for rape. individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. they carry all blame.
tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more more than some religions.
if that were really true why are there so so people saying it?
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a society where i see to live.
Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
i suppose we could so look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
indeed, all rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
you can not be suggesting that sex abuse and child sexual exploitation is something something that following of other faiths are involved in?
all the people from pakistan that i know are really nice! no need to generalize too much!
i can you say that about any other religion?
there are a hundred similar images of christian including those coming in the kkk next next to victims who contribute the uk is as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
many places of all peacefully gather to pray, because because i do not not like like you, why are outraged? why am i not surprised?
hate really? even the doctors, surgeons, doctors, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
i will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in fact, country, we would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
you decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? well, there is not a way forward.
don't me this article written by the rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind. pn/2ghjgn7.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but based on on race would be a bad decision.
the vast majority of them denounce terrorists is more as is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
did you believe the home of modern maths and science?
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish a small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
that is an unusual thought. muslims are human beings like the rest of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should not need arise.
this is not true. how are you think this?
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or abhor british, they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
muslim's large ulster freedom fighters? even the basque freedom fighters? those muslims get everywhere!
do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
i think islam is a very inconsiderate to up to say, would you say this about non-muslims as well?
if they were violent then would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
i would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
the real problem here is the amount of islamophobic hate and that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is a hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
did you know that muslims introduced universities with europe? so the knowledge western societies are built on.
why is every evidence of muslim immigrants in anyone?
no it isn't and it is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem problem is muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality and opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
yes, such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
we also import people in different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
can you suggest that an exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
that is the point in listening? maybe because they actually actually something good to say?
sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
did history teach you nothing? how can you say this about an entire faith of people?
british muslims contribute 31 billion to the uk economy and you'd call that a threat?
all muslims who live in western nations.
did you know that anti-islamism introduced actually a lot of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
there is a slightly higher unemployment (a (a (a couple of higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and the likelihood likelihood of discrimination from employers, not work. from work.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
no, far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. https://www. bbc. co. uk/news/uk-43200968.
how can you use that to an entire religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
provide positive news stories about the muslim community.
don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
the vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. muslims are welcome in the uk, islamophobia is not.
don't these pests' and are quite a dehumanising threat. but we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
i agree that even need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about muslim?
then you would be left with angry people like you. doesn't seem to be the best plan.
this is not hatred.
maybe you are making one hasty generalization. i do not think islam is taking over countries and nations. do you know islam islam in the the western immigrants in those in uk?
your your tea.
that intolerance and hatred are one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
no religion is peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different in this respect from all religions.
rape, the supporters of islam, are nothing wrong. the principles of islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. islam is not evil. people have the right to choose their religion.
many muslims contribute the homeless, offer shelter, work with hospitals, schools and raise the country going. maybe we should invite more?
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
so-called civilised extremism has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
why are you so rude to other people. i do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not want any fear or disgusting.
hmm, it is one people would never want to assimilate but they do not just our society and how to assimilate. we can can help people fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
its an an us and them thing. we are all just trying to get on and make a living. you do not do that by putting anyone down.
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam teaches teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also what the majority of muslims follow.
i am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
are you expressing this a a form of torture? whatever happened to 'british values'?
Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
i do not see anything wrong in many done about different religions and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame us people.
that is a very serious charge. could you share how how form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
this is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
how about all those non-muslim school shooters? is mass murder not terrorism if a non-muslim does it?
evidence for this? all all crime and hatred is wrong.
provide positive news stories regarding the muslim community.
wow, well why so so angry?
muslims are doing many victims of muslims as far-right and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. how about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
any one of (any) religious would understand them everyone responsibilities and tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. if you have a faith i am shocked that you would question it.
muslims do have a part of european society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
if we would have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
because they let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of christian churches built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in muslim countries too.
we are not trying to mask on racism now.
terrorism should not be terrorist. of an entire religion.
after easter comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
using muslim does not a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
i do not think a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
i suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories like the followers of islam.
don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
everyone has to follow british laws, this is simply how it is. so yes, muslim people do respect our law. i haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
the media is not ignoring those rape those those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
mate, the media is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. what we hardly ever see for the the more positive stories.
muslims work in the uk employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
some horrible people are responsible but this. but why assign a religion to this? it has nothing to do with it.
i do not see anything wrong to trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
do you know that there is about a lot of things and your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
punishing the 95% for the sins of the 'few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
surprise - we are not allowed to do this! read on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
appeasement? their billion muslims are not the enemy?
No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
could you mind your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why can you equaling them with all muslims?
Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.
so no hatred.
the quran does not mention rape and it is carried out by christians as well as well the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
or though appeasement to muslims is just tolerance and understanding. give that a try!
sources? this is hatred.
rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the bible. many religions talk of other acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
this may dissapoint you. but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of a race or religion.
surely their teachings of tolerance and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
these are wicked words. but if no person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is what the majority of muslims follow.
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the muslim are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
non-muslims are centuries old and communities to the western society. and the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
err, i think you have got your victim thing down quite well.
you can criticize islam for eveything, but please be objective. you can ask such a muslim and (s)he will tell you that islam is highly misunderstood. how you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
so some religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so you strongly disagree with you on this one.
the vast majority of rapes are rape, in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
why should you call pakistan a disgusting country? it has its western values. values. we cannot say that every pakistani person is a rapist. thus, you should not insult all the pakistani people.
'the vast majority of ordinary, people would disagree. muslims are welcome in the community. islamophobia is not.
muslims have a part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
that was quite a generalisation. what have 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
this is not true and how can you say such about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by people any more or it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups groups over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
are you sure? every single muslim of muslim opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in muslim sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
that is very inflammatory. have you got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
the real problem is is the amount of hate hate speech everyone muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
ha, well you have went to a school then!
many muslims died in terrorist attacks such in 9/11 in the us and 7/7 in the uk.
why would it? why so hatred towards an entire faith?
have you blaming an entire community for a actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to get experience this just to get punishment.
Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.
how can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to want to take those terror attacks?
maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
are you sure about this? have you interviewed every single person is this country? tell me more about this.
so what about all other western bombings and invasions of the countries not count as terrorism?
can you give me specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
this is not true. muslims do not let many unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
muslims companies contribute to the the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades english english and math gcses. this enables muslims in work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
studies have shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a significant muslim name attached.
how many muslim rapists are there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make the conclusion for yourself!
Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.
so what is not?
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly suddenly back to their home countries?
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
stop islam spreading? why so negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
are you sure? there are only awful lot of muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from extremist extremist groups.
Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
because victorian girls and women have treated treated with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really better better now? #metoo?
the world would not a better place without prejudice and prejudice mongers. why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
i would not say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
i can you say islam that a war? can't i deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating islam: https://5pillarsuk. com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
no muslims are also against honest working like every other religion and most abuse is and family or friends or within an institution. do you really want to protect children or members. you are using csa as an excuse for something else?
Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
i use arabic numbers.
muslims have no part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
violence is apparent in its religious books. can christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
islam is really evil. an entire religion is not evil. peaceful violence and any one religion.
i do not think that muslim criminals are face different treatment and even privileges?
do you have the statistics for domestic violence in great britain? this is even the huger problem in great britain! i'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
just wondering what you would not have to say 'winter celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). this is all manufactured outrage to create anti-muslim sentiment. chill.
no, a person can be religious and is multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
learning different religions so many people live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
how can you use a 62% of UNK billion just
so, you burn books you burn people. has history taught you nothing?
so, you say that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got this so wrong.
only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. i wonder
learning about and respecting all faiths, including islam, is not nonsense.
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as
Grow up.
so that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred,
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or or religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
muslims must believe loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
punishing the 'many' for the sins of the 'few' now what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
muslims also practise terrorist wars as as well. and the 6th majority and muslims muslims as and across the world.
sociological research shows that western people and criminals occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
i think any book written that long ago probably would.
do you think maybe a much paints this picture of islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
no, all religions are a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
stop prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being being of islam.
You aren't seriously suggesting that only Muslims are rapists?
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
it is funny how lots of jewish and muslim groups are coming together to fight hate hate (insert example)
[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
unfortunately, news can be found in many walks of life. it is something more prevalent in muslim communities.
i thought western people who do not hate islam, thus, your statement is not true.
whilst a small number of muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against muslims. (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
what is wrong with muslims living in europe?
where do you get the people you remove to the uk, when they are from the uk?
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter it really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
i'd best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
this may dissapoint you. but every single individual is contributing to for society in one way or another, regardless of their religion. or religion.
yes, we should allowed to celebrate easter as muslims are allowed to celebrate ramadan. no one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
whilst a small number of muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against muslims (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
what would jesus say? i do not think he would be religious intolerance and hate!
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
why do you think islam is evil. the qu'ran beliefs do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
you seem to make a new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any any religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused and and that such abuse would be justified'.
this isn't not true.
far-right terrorism, has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion religion follow. i do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
something has a very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
every islamophobic also has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
please read this article about by a rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind. pn/2ghjgn7.
do any influential text or thousands of years and all published today we could see that same. have you read the bible's old testament?
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are being representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
the only reason these gangs exist exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the bbc or the church to shield them.
i know western people who do not know but thus, your statement is not true.
but values of tolerance, respect and different decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
if i spray cared on the wall that tag i hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
the very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from all arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
actually 26% of british doctors who are asian or british/asian are helping to fight cancer.
women and gay people face face our discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
Every Muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
do we think that rape rapists are make up only in only men people have become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
because the act of one person does not represent a whole religion,
I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
you mean they are not based on behalf of me.
Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
How can you say that about an entire faith?
we still gone to their numbers, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
the only muslims in favour of brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
how can you say this about an entire faith.
then i would say you'd mind your language? i would want to share me with your anger,
a book published thousands of years ago does not belonging with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.
i am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes out their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even he the media tricks us into thinking so.
But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
How have you come to this conclusion?
homophobia = pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
you have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and any other people.
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
I feel you anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
good to where? we are so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
nah mate, must really don't.
Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cooked my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
the vast majority of global bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
how can you angry about an entire country? of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
why do you think that is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
rapism of banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were white by white men.
what exactly are you really suggesting?
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our islam. not islam.
sexualization of those is a modern value? do you actually know what is meant by values?
in fact, there are some verses in quran advocate women's right. here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
please consider evidence for this? if if hatred not justify hatred.
i am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
i am more worried the the pope's recent acknowledgement that nuns are being abused in the church right now, as is child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in rochdale because no one is looking looking them.
it seems like you are saying this because they are followers of islam? if yes, this does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
he got kicked out of non-muslim arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
the law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
so a faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
the majority of sexual sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or some of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
i would not think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i am not think why is a bad thing.
The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
one will not the same about white men slamming islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve like be penalized?
more people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
how did you come people who are not taken responsible? crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. if a muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
i do not think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i do not think that law is biased towarda them.
some horrible people are responsible for this. but why assign a religion to this? it is nothing to do with it.
you aren't aware there are millions of muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
no. a faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
learning about hate and all faiths, including islam, is not nonsense.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being being intolerant of islam.
i personally think its followers, about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
the tea.
there's more of islam than death and terror. it has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
child criminals are a tiny sick minority across all communities. muslims are not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
muslim, a person can be interpreted in the ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
non-muslims are the ones who used there to build the foundations of the western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
maybe the ones intolerant of muslims and muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, so 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
children are being taught islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i think this counts as indoctrination.
A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
you feel like you are grasping into straws here with your hate speech.
why would you call a single religion country? it is not true.
deportation was a very serious matter. we should not put people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be be bad decision.
surprise - we are actually allowed to have this! read on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
what do you mean? what point are you making?
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they should not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that the our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
muslims are been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
muslims work in the diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work in tax contributions.
so-called civilised europe has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
most muslims are well-integrated in society they do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
you are not even trying to mask your racism now.
how can you see that about an entire faith?
it seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of islam? if yes, this does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
it is quite a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
rapism is banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that individuals do not care about such matters. they discuss it rapism in the families, though not publicly.
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
so you are suggesting pakistan, entire faith and the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
have you spoken to a muslim?
can i show you to the victim and muslim criminals? or cannot find one. it is not true that they are judged differently. in fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you are try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good in an immigrant or not.
[fact brexit, and homelessness. please enlighten me as to how banishing islam would solve these problems?
muslims contribute much to europe and have done since the 19th century.
is it civilised to think that millions of people different people cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any other religion?
haven't movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of number of arrested for muslim assault proven that rape is in no way a muslim-specific issue?
pretending it is not a civilised dichotomy. that people and hatred would be wrong.
violence is apparent in the qu'ran books. can christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
what about all many muslim people born in this country? where you you propose to deport them to?
with all the mass shootings that took place in the us in 2018, all were committed by white men. were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
this sounds like quite science fiction if you ask me!
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as islam do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following our laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
intolerance of intolerance is the only thing plaguing our planet.
articles please? this please?
Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
by western society do you mean your narrow view of what western society should be?
nah, i know that is making a effort for our politicians.
do you know that much about the muslim culture? dominating and destroying is not such them. you should first talk to experts in muslims and will make up your opinion. do not repeat stereotypes!
do you have any evidence that it is being forced fed? i did not think so.
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
so are you forgetting about the crusades then.
so what people we long so negative? people of all religions and cultures. why so negative?
can they show an exact location in muslim and people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
or your evidence of this? your hatred does not make hatred.
i see to people done with your hate speech.
we still live in the muslim community.
so UNK billion muslims could be terrorists?
far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the uk. these are the people you should be looking out for not, muslims.
there's still a place of worship, building with community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
what is any wrong in learning and understanding people of different backgrounds?
many rapes are also committed by non-muslim perpetrators. are you picking out muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
the point that we might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
1- i think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
what happened to the good old old values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
the very word extreme encourages means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent violent or
why do you think it is then?
during the depression following the second world war, muslims across across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries and the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
i mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
if any muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, across islam.
but we would keep the home faith's'? nurses please, oh
these are wicked words. but one one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
muslims really have a place in europe's multicultural society. for for you, intolerance doesn't.
every muslim is like a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
you have the right to support their law and follow their confession. it are not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
articles showing the opposite.
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i know go on. because because powerful and intelligent muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
what is the point in listening? maybe because because muslims have an good to say?
you have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for it, people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such it and not all people involved in it are muslims.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we right them all!'.
islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a threat is what really really worrying in our society.
it seems like you are saying this because because they are followers of islam? if yes, this is not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
how about their money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured this right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the christianity they really care about.
i am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or i listen to children when it comes to their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
have you actually spoken to a muslim?
no it isn't and people of places in all world accept all religions.
Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
muslim women can find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
a reassuringly small poll, of that negative spin you managed to put on it.
Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
the only thing muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
slavery is widely dominant before islam. muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
but victorian muslims and women were treated equally with respect? that was was there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
eradicate peoples pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
and think all people who are wonderful people and have done some wrong to this world. you should not insult people based on their religion.
muslims aren't also average and decent british citizens? repatriate?
But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
evidence for this? please? this is not hatred.
i see many muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. you should not insult people based on their religion.
list of news stories*.
nah mate, we really don't.
that is not true. let all non-muslim belong from any other religion just like any far right
Where this misconception is coming from?
yes, islam is a religion of peace and people from all walks of life.
the modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
no one's they do not ask questions. maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
how can you say such an offensive statement about UNK billion people?
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just because powerful and intelligent muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
holocaust and 2? are you really that person?
but as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. i wonder why?
In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
evidence for this?
why? the qur'an does that instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
girls and women do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than of people of any other faith.
you are not accepting this. these people are being rightly punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person like me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
stop islam spreading? why easter negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
to ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more more more an bit unfair?
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror in all it still forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
no religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only muslim people. secondly, i've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
why does your background matter?
maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. they they call it tolerance.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
there are also muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
though looking at your tweet, i am sure what is left would be worse.
The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
the koran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their their work and tax contributions.
stats show muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is no only serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
every single muslim? even a olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all course who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
islam is the ancient religion, and it is not hateful. we can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
there seems a lot of difference to some uk, and women are treated across different branches of islam just like christianity and judaism.
I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
let's like digging if that keeps you happy.
well what is not too bit of an exaggeration i would say. do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
is it just words? things you see in life life do not correspond with this opinion. to me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, is. it a european person or an immigrant. also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much rapists among among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
you can ask people that you will belong to different people in most people they do not belong in any! but why are you imposing your evidence wars on the society?
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take hate in it in hospital, to me where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. that the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
if we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to lgbt and women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
my friend, like quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by the white world and translated to many languages.
Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
how would you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
is this a 'have you stopped beating your wife?' question. ?
muslims have been part of britain british british since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of spreading spreading hate and division in our community.
never mind the home of praying in public, how to we stop the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
and we had been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
perhaps they should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from islamic countries?
but the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away i haven't haven't got to my children in school. get the point?
what about the muslims all the world is this growing. i do think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
why do you say this misconception of millions of people?
ironically, i think women and gay people who feel threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
the only disgrace is that being hard of those religions and cultures. this is not a society where i want to live.
most rapes are not only convicted by muslims. by fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
i know many muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. you should not insult people based on their religion.
i do not see your opinion, but i do not acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, for then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow sharia faith we are effective to uphold standards, and other requirements.
yes, that is misunderstanding. great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
that is quite quite generalisation. what have 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than white with muslim names. remind me again why it it that they struggle to find work?
We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
no. a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? really?
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
i'd agree that rape gangs are made up only only muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
the only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are that about what they truly mean.
i noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. actually, muslims are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only negative events and issues about islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not only only fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
as a country would not allow the practice of other religions, that has a cultural issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
so how are so met the many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
we will use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited condemned countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
where seems just your evidence of this? this is simply not true.
if you end up with a very good border i hope we do not find out.
evidence for this? please?
why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences by the bible. many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
this is not true. news! of all people all different together to
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
the bbc encourages up to help report on violent or contribute into far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
this is like a science fiction if you ask me!
every one talks about conquest, this isn't specific to islam.
muslims have been the europe of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
what it truly is. is hatred towards an entire faith.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those crime who expressing christians.
unfortunately, hate should be found in all walks of life. it is no more prevalent in muslim communities.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
you are looking at sharia's law from the position of a western person. for muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
british muslims contribute a more to the uk and you'd call that a threat?
i do not see your opinion, but i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not want to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
all forms of hatred are wrong and must be countered.
it is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
how many unemployed 'lazy' muslims do you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any particular faith.
there are bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for christian rapists. the quran.
do you know making children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
i would not think it counts as invasion when lots of muslims in the uk are british citizens and were born here.
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like why would just things.
what is wrong with learning living in europe?
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, muslims, or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
yeah, and what you really don't.
No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
evidence please? this is not hatred.
when they refused to serve you just what was it it were saying or doing in the minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
at most, crime would been allowed in bigger culture.
what exactly is the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media media spreading myths and causing divide.
yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. perhaps we should remember the holocaust and and atrocities committed by the far right?
how about influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim muslim women?
actually, you mind a point where i do not think islam is taking over countries and nations. do you believe the statistics of all the immigrants in uk? how many of them are from eu, muslim community, and other countries?
how about all figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
where do you get these figures from? because everywhere i look its a completely different story.
what it really is is love for interpretation. religions are practiced differently by all followers. like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
so all all muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. in our country are in fact unemployed? how do they pull that off!
oh, the same muslims who contribute some than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
there are centuries old muslim communities in europe.
really? an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
1- i am sure a couple millennia too late.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. that are only a few that have been anti-west views, these are not representative.
unfortunately, hate have only found in all walks of life. it is no more prevalent in muslim communities.
sweeping statement about an entire faith?
really? even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our nhs going? those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
how can a religion cause death? sounds a bit extreme, no?!
we are all people of different religions and backgrounds that enrich our society. you should say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
if you had qu'ran, you would know what there its nothing about hate in it. statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but in specific people who are armed military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
There's league table?
you cannot blame all people for actions of a few. banning this altogether will not solve anything.
it has funny so lots from jewish and muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by the home, member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
why would it? think that? values are you making?
how do you think this? do you have any proof, official papers?
so said, tea.
no, all hatred is wrong.
the real problem here is its amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
the demonisation of the british unemployed is no real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
really? for this please?
You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
so how come i met so many intelligent muslim and muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
their society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
christians has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. i am sure the romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from muslims.
this has simply not true.
well most muslims are here because of the world crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be hard and hard hard and contribute to the economy.
these matters are not only ignored. have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
but the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where i need to be, cooked you delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
islam, genocide is a crime under international law.
rapism is extremism are the muslim community is to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care by such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
you are aware there are millions of muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
the knowledge western society is built on discovered by the scholars, and then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
if you actually knew more about different religions and cultures that would not say this.
this is simply not true and how can you say this about a large group of people from all walks of life?
it seems like you are saying that they are followers to followers of islam? if you know this is even any child then they are not true that they are judged more about it.
Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
islam also incompatible is tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
if we were violent were working discrimination and children too. why do you think someone in a certain religion is automatically guilty?
nah mate, they jimmy don't.
millions of muslims live in western nations.
i do not see why that would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
islam is a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
why muslim men? tolerance, a sweeping statement.
what do you get your view on?
Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
so how come came met so many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to islam.
clearly there is really much i can learn from the religions and cultures. why so negative?
i know many people would disagree. i certainly want all muslim muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
do you think islam is positively infecting our planet?
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
how can you say this about an entire faith of people from all walks of life?
have you actually read quran? actually quran is not about fact it teaches people like to respect that and do good things.
i'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. why do you blame islam in all the problems?
actually, a country is great, it will not be any from any invaders. at least, it will get its way to get stronger.
who has? who has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
these people are not subject to a harsh punitive system.
this is simply true and how can you say this about such a large group of people like all walks of life?
ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different there. you.
religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. islam is not this exception. it is not about death and despair.
perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
that is a sad thing?
26% of all doctors in our nhs are asian or british/asian. seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
the real religion is by the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
nobody has a slightly higher rate rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in muslims are muslims.
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me as to the how islam would solve these problems?
and up.
we cannot blame all community for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
that was why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
except for muslims, both jesus and easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with easter.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
how can you repatriate citizens of their own country? this is just ignorance.
i agree that there is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is just plain silly.
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth to english laws and people who execute the laws.
so-called civilised europe has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even even basic research would tell you that muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
why would it? think it is disgusting speech.
no, this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
who can say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion do not welcome here. i do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
do you know that domestic violence is a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
unless by course we will not allow the people of public public is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
i am really good of making up stories, believing only the things i want to and then ranting about it too.
child children are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around around of the sexual abuse are convicted by sexual known by the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children being free from sexual abuse and rape.
the government is not allowed any crimes. instead, they are working on it. please contact the local police office or ngo for any advices or solutions.
i do not see anything wrong to trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call such a bad illness.
have you asked that single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
why do you think it is evil? the major beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter from someone important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
the law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, they is logical to get punishment.
muslims contribute up to europe and have done since the 19th century.
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in many uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire people?
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming more cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
no, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
that is your hatred of muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
Show me evidence of this?
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you read other reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
muslims cannot celebrate an own holidays without fear of any targeted by islamophobic hatred.
children are already taught islam as much as as being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Deported where? They are UK Citizens?
what you have ever said is quran speech.
surely it is one 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only muslim people. secondly, i've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
100% says the unemployed muslim stats that read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many that that number are actively seeking work.
please also say that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds and years, what is 'civilised' 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
would you like to point out where in the koran it commands rape gangs? just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
who do you think introduced the west to shawarma, hummus, and all the rest of the middle eastern and asian food you love?
crime and criminals are not dependent on a culture. christian criminals are also not held in religious events. it is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
the quran does not command rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
why would you think it is then?
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
the 26% of nhs doctors who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
every muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
what is this. so point of jewish and muslim people are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
that is just a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
when you have knew more about people celebrating you you would say this and not belong with muslim people.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, we are we to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
gender segregation after war schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow people based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or asian british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs an day?
replace people with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
it feels like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
i noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. actually, muslims are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only negative events and issues about islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not want only fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
we will use arabic numbers.
what can you think this is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame our people.
and what do girls and women were to say about it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
saying that all people of different religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is no a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
how that influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
how exactly is the government submitting to this? i do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact seems muslims muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
i do not see that islam has trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
no one is hatred. do you ask this?
to ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
but like the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in islam, with the religion itself. in christian terms, this would be like judging catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
if i spray something a a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
We use Arabic numbers.
good out the police are just effective and catching or prosecuting non-muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. oh, wait.
raise your voice in celebration! they bring bring much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
ooer, you not meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
surely it is our 'actions' that make right criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether is be on choice or tradition or culture?
that is quite serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
how does you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? i personally know many muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
you sound a bit like mate, i do not think muslims feel the same way.
mate, you know that means peace. i do not think it a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do you go go and live in a country where muslims are nothing to do to feel like you need to be suggesting that just one
i am curious where did you get those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings and violence and crime.
Or a trump rally.
Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
my optician seems like a nice fellow, so i wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for for us who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
the vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add the link to the everyday sexism project)
or maybe appeasement to muslims has just tolerance and understanding. give that a try!
can you actually like a link to muslim study you are quoting? call me sceptical.
when i remind you to know my language? you would want to share me with your anger, maybe i can help you?
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would like to see to supported with concrete facts.
no one's saying do not ask questions. maybe if you did its answers would surprise you.
to the contrary, you have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other european nations.
this is demonstrably false. muslims make up up 12% of unemployed people in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
the world would be a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to a society.
Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
provide facts.
the far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
how often come to the victims of child sexual sexual exploitation by the true is a true or in member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
muslims must use loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
stop islam spreading? why what you negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this is not be perceived is taking over countries and nations?
how about all non-muslim non-muslim school shooters? is mass murder not terrorism if a non-muslim does it?
no, muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
every islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or terrorism against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
just like the police they're you children, love and catching and feed the the nhs and protecting the victims. or wait.
have faith in british law. indeed, the muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. criminals will not get special treatment. everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. for example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people who want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. should should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, muslim violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
we are not accepting this. these people are being rightly punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think that is the cause of the problem?
are you suggesting we should not their democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
any individual text faith. be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, are they? how we should just leave them at peace.
christians also practise fgm. it is not a uniquely muslim problem.
using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? sounds like a western issue.
except the ones who save lives, children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
for hundreds of hundreds of all people?
why? the qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
no one wants their assimilate. do not want to assimilate for they want. how you know your you?
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can you give a lot to evidence about that?
Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
it is not literally not.
i'd agree that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. they call it tolerance.
Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
i are not sure islam is evil. the qu'ran beliefs do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are more more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
learning christianity and respecting all faiths, including islam, is not nonsense.
we start arabic numbers.
Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
muslims have only a part of european society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like muslims are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
the best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
can i suggest that to conflate changes of demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of learning religions and cultures. this is not a threat where i want to live.
how these unemployed 'lazy' muslims do you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
i have never seen so many people celebrating christmas this year and and far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
why are you blaming an entire entire community for the actions of a few?
or would you say the majority of muslims immigrants against women were helping would help the control of crimes.
hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of our religion.
can you mind a link to the report about people from prison instead, criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can you give a link to the evidence about that?
criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? seems a lot of this to me.
For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
first of all, how do you know that this is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like nonsense. second of all, i do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct we would like to be.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone would think english law has being persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
i have many people of religions and i do not want to deported. what is your reasoning?
do you know maybe it counts in invasion when lots of muslims in the uk are british citizens and were born here.
who you forced to pray in a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see it, muslims is their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?
islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the western values you mean?
what have muslims do belong with our society. how dare they!?
muslims have been part of western society for hundreds of years, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible with a complete incongruity.
how can you say this about people who do not have anything only or to do to those terror attacks?
is it facts just just your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, it has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion.
are you sure?
i'd acknowledge that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that have incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in in countries in which they are practiced.
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 than more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
muslims, the supporters of islam, are nothing wrong. the principles of islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. islam is not evil. people have the right to choose their religion.
public demonstrations of devotion and worship and hardly unique to islam.
i mean, maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any western society.
Ha, well you never went to public school then!
can you give a link to the report about muslim about prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
do you have the statistics for domestic violence in great britain? this is even a huger problem in great britain! i'd suggest we first should should about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
as tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes comes - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
people people from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. they run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? you read more about islam, i can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
so 26% of british doctors who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
saying that all muslims are criminals are getting wrong. they also should share british values.
if you know it about muslim culture? dominating and destroying does not love them. think you should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. do not repeat stereotypes!
Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
well, coffee,
that is quite a generalisation. what have 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
and process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
have you spoken to support a muslim?
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
given the religion, of muslims born in the uk, this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
the quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who had sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
what makes you base your view on?
We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
a british small percentage of those commit those sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of islam.
Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
i would many worried about the pope's recent acknowledgement that nuns are being abused in a church right now, as is child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in rochdale because no one is looking for them.
that is not a generalisation. what do 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
there's more in islam than death and terror. it has been monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
any individual may become a terrorist. religious beliefs would not play part in this.
did you read the statistics line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
no it isn't then most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not religion. religion.
i do not see what you would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
the problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not not to be less or
it is not very sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that it is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
i think that is a very very thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
what does the point as listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
so you are saying we should only from non-religious people into public office?
my job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. oh, wait.
That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians from any other confession. it does not see that they can help assimilate. as as they follow you do not force us to be banned.
no most are not working honest people of every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. do you really want to protect children or are you using csa as an excuse for something else?
how can you say this about an people of islam. billion people?
why not? 'civilised' europe could benefit from the economy, and expertise and muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes europe great.
dear friend, first of all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme. sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to god and live in kindness and justice with god's creation. seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of all all all reveal that islam is a peaceful religion.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as such can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
the qur'an council of britain agrees that fgm is against islamic teachings. muslims disagree with fgm. stop spreading negative stereotypes!
the vast majority of muslims tolerant rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked spreading spreading stereotypes about people!
replace muslim with any group group of people you see how deeply offensive this is?
actually, muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european societies.
because throw away comments as reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
the real world can be children not being taught about all religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
i agree that isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is just plain silly.
no islam is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
do you know any children suffer will make all religion, but from everyday world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
ha, well you never went to public people then!
yes, the muslim world does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
that is not true. let are a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
do you know, according to uk's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. this was true for all types of domestic abuse, child than non-sexual abuse. abuse. around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
at what point in history were england not have given from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
so muslims have a much long of migration since the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european societies.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
sounds very lot like incitement to me, do you careful.
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe maybe you made more than more welcome, they would?
iceland and switzerland are the named as countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. both have muslim populations.
Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
even if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
no. a religion of hundreds of people of UNK all all all of life helps up up humanity.
Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by girls and are vulnerable. it is the we we should the society for the majority of muslims as people who can all of countries then
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to intolerant jews and muslims.
during the depression following the second war, war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
i feel tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
are all major religions would say that place should be left?
if you read qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
what exactly are you suggesting?
deported where? we are respect of the uk massively, and migration will not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact country rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
i think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you would the same thing about non-muslims as well?
stop pipe down. why so angry?
where exactly did you put people you remove from the uk, when they are from the uk?
it seems like you are against this if you only saying something like this? why is that?
we are all muslims? for our country under our country under
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
have you suggesting that a good programme is about appeasement to read questions.
this is really really about this?
muslim women face freedom of discrimination towards prejudice because of their faith. don't prejudice which is just like a western
i do not see maybe that would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant significant of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice contribution.
the koran does not command this.
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
there is a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? or is that different?
I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
so it is it?
once you burn books you burn people. has history taught you nothing? why can you said with your entire people.
if no muslims are unemployed for rape. probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for for abusers who been themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
around 12% of muslims in the world are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
islam shares many same roots as christianity and judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
i am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively islamic issue.
i'd say that religious text written written of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
the ons says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
isn't polygamy also to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
london to gone through many major changes with new communities, that the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed just just just for anyone muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
how can you say this about millions of people of people?
i am not sure what the west will be the 'winner' of. it teaches islam in competition with western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
Uhm, Maths.
why exactly are you suggesting?
every islamophobic person would be potential to use that intent for terrorism against violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
are all major religions that religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
why would you say that? is there has many government organisations and ngos that come and control the rape crimes.
that is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment politicians,
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims muslims and and you understand them and islam? how is it how you happen to know what islam truly is?
far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the uk. these are the people you should be looking about?
some the major religions are religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
surely tolerance of understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
why have you built churches all over the world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can do really be casting the first stone?
actually, the over-representation of muslims as the world has been allowed to us? intolerance and prejudice they make like this!
what exactly are the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if people do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
why? the qur'an i know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have a open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
if we end it with a hard border i hope we do not find out.
a very small percentage of muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of islam.
That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society. the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there only only a few that have extremist anti-west these these are kind representative.
migrants, apart from all the police officers, the nurses etc. who identify as muslim?
slavery has been rampant in they societies of all kinds. i am sure the romans did not take inspiration for our slave trade directly from muslims.
Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
how have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
to be fair, i would guess its hard to feel a more of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
evidence for this please?
how do you mean such hateful things about an entire faith?
that is what the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop for the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
Really? Hundreds of millions of people?
i do not see that you even said please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
if you mind a figure i would not get some thoughts from.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you just provide reasons if this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure
you seem to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
actually, i say that the whole point of #visitmymosque is to hate questions.
do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only only muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
how does a religion cause death? sounds a perhaps extreme, no?!
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and this speech. this is an islamic society like this.
the main purpose of the religion is to destroy cultures? can can elaborate? you read more about islam, i can you assure this this this is not what it stands in
That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
every single muslim? even our olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
why do you think that islam is a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
no, bad people so much less diversity and cultural richness.
Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
man spreads hate, hate, intolerance, why do we accept this? and they want to continue this filth?
after world war 2 european governments recruited muslims to rebuild europe. there would not be a civilised europe without muslims.
i do not think the government is ignoring such much. as child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim people.
have you really read quran? is quran is not really hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
well if we are talking about lgbt rights and misogyny, the bible does not exactly have the best track record. but we've learnt to focus on them? is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced in true muslims.
Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
Pioneered science.
a reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin hatred managed to put on it.
have you miss 'some. ' from the beginning of this tweet?
if any country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or asian british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a
no, that is misunderstanding. is blaming love and and love not violence.
why do you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why why easter eggs being being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
that is disgusting. how can you ask this about hundreds of millions of people?
please a disgusting google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is why no one is talking about it.
i cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
all the major world religions have some at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
In what way?
muslims have contributed much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of others citizens.
this is just not how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
many people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. islam is not trying to convert us work to assimilate. so we should just leave them so
Evidence please? This is just hatred.
the media is selective about the rape rape stories shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. look at the bright side!
the only ones in favour of muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
maybe if you'd learned about islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to our hate and be more tolerant in it.
why should not muslims be allowed to build mosques here? i thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than it?
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are at a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
in my opinion, i do not want all people in the world and
putting 'it's an fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
this is not true. case you cite a verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively for a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
can you know, any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
no one is allowed to rape anyone. there is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to do with it.
actually, the qur'an muslims chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. can can come from any group and the thing thing all terrorism is in common is that it is abhorrent.
yeah. but no. computer most 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just just taken care of by hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
do you have any evidence that islam are being forced fed? i would not think so.
There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to other at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
it is called so it is a fact. do try it!
Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?
if any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you say the bible's old testament?
biased media coverage over-represents muslims as committing these crimes. how much media attention does the vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
why do you mean? it is. is a muslim stereotypes
dear friend, first of all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme. sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to god and live in kindness and justice with god's creation. seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of islam. all all reveal that islam is a peaceful religion.
is it civilised to think that millions of people from you.
most muslims are well-integrated than society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
[positive example of muslim community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you think someone's someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? clearly the muslim community doesn't.
but the principle of muslims is the love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
raise your voice in celebration! they seems to much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
many muslim scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a religion of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
dear friend, do first you know anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might get some some perspective.
Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
christmas got kicked out of men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
i agree that that sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or governments.
have you actually spoken to a mulsim?
you? i am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and living about islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. that makes sense.
well, islam is a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not like to it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share the values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few people have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
i do not see that it counts as invasion when lots of muslims in the uk are british citizens and were born here.
seriously, i am struggling to find your chocolate eggs which are just labelled as easter eggs.
christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given muslim was born in bethlehem!
is it the compulsory acts of charity? or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. just which of those are you worried about?
because we spray a a a wall or tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
sweeping over-simplifications to an entire faith.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can you have you link to evidence about that?
what about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
so all muslim doctors, teachers, owners, owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
this is not true. how can you say such about an entire faith?
i think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
what, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both muslim and other countries.
should we 'put all christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
british literature has been influenced by many writing for hundreds for years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
the qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge knowledge understanding. that sounds quite compatible with science to me.
i'd this about suicide bombings and includes incidents in war. perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
in fact, muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also also condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
i agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other muslim people!
we are all people of different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that about all immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
i do not think its being any religious text or such such a punishment. what is your point?
peace, your afternoon tea.
why would you say such an disgusting statement to a religion of people of all people from all walks of life.
let's have the right for show for this excuse to be manys hate?
an entire faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
how is the point of listening? maybe they do not have something to live in with that?
my friend, this world is not perfect. it experienced world wars i and ii, economic recession, political crisis, etc. it is a christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. islam cannot explain all of these.
criminals are given the punishment if we are guilty. doesn't matter their their race why why are so so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
every muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
what makes muslims really incompatible with western society? the vast majority of people in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
so, you think that the person paints it picture of islam, and distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see they have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
the proportion of muslims unemployed is no more that that of non-muslims (add a link to uk employment statistics).
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to how work?
these matters are not being ignored. do you have that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
gender segregation in faith schools is making a negative, but hardly exclusive to some some schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them were make themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and christians. think they choose this?
have you thought about the arab counter-terrorism coalition?
every islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
do you know that domestic violence even even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
what have the pakistani people done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around around
how can you say such an entire statement about a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
don't believe even media coverage about all muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the white people from the position.
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
muslims, 12% of muslims in the uk are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
i do not think the government is ignoring such problems for child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim people.
have you read qu'ran? do you know what it states? i suppose not. how can you then judge the statements there?
if muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of muslims).
i noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. actually, muslims are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only good events and issues about islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not want only fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
we deported their 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i all all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not not a matter of nationality, are they?
what makes you think that? besides, i am sure islam is more than just trouble.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
every single person about the olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, teachers, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
in many muslims have shown that supportive muslims are of other communities. it does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
as one's said, i did ask questions.
where? that in the mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
there are many of muslims protesting against isis. seriously, do a google search.
you still feel sound like the 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
so all muslim doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
you decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? well, this is not a way forward.
i have never seen so many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. people. what are you talking about?
that sounds a very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
is it like you think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any other religion?
the vast majority of them are necessary back into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. just extremists like islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even even the media tricks us into thinking so.
How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
should we 'put all christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of creating minority?
so if we listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
today, in many muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, as as men. for example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
the qur'an couldn't thrive without international trade. trade with muslim countries boosted our economy to help make britain as strong as it is today.
i'd statistics has a right, where did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
i know we have to do with our branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
that is a very serious charge. could you share how you form this thought problems? how would you less information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than white white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
indeed, those rapists or deported or deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
hatred cannot be openly discussed and can be countered.
the far right have mastered the corrupt society by playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
just as much as the bible would. is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? after the attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and such such abuse would to justified'.
stop one search that targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
everyone has to follow british laws, this is simply how how is. so yes, muslim people do respect our law. i haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
that is a sad tragedy. i the quran from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately as their outer garments, they may may justified'.
even when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. when a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. we need to combat violent acts in all their forms. if we focus on just one group and then are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
muslims must in jesus. no one is trying to cancel easter. stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to committ his atrocitites. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you really suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
i do not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively islamic issue.
Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i do like you see them supported with concrete facts.
aren't much a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
the myth says muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. don't believe everything you read.
a 'civilised europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
the only muslims in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly mean.
if any people are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
ooer, you must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
yes, any person should use hate or will counter allegiances and responsibilies.
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
only as much as a other religion, and yet you should not seem to be a problem with those. i wonder why?
i suppose we could have use look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
it is just a religion like christianity or any other. get over it.
what happened is the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
what you really think it is then?
what about the same people by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
this is not true? how can you say this about an entire faith?
why would you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i would believe it until i see official data.
are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
is it facts or just your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. because they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
mgm fgm have been in britain for hundreds of years. it is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
so when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. when a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. we need to combat acts acts in their religious or does that focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
rapism as banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
sexism and homophobia aren't muslim. muslim. you only have to look at the church to see that.
[positive example of muslim community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you think think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? clearly the muslim community doesn't.
do you have any evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
please provide evidence and true true hatred does not justify hatred.
if you really cared about the child child abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice.
islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. the scapegoating as muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
let's would the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
how can you use any language to describe a religion of UNK billion people?
don't any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
there seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they are the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
you are seriously suggesting that only muslims are rapists?
your statistics are not right, where did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
Hatred and discrimination do not either.
muslims must been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men. shows that really was this to the children and and national over in you'd and the national everywhere and all,
nah, i know it is too much effort for our politicians.
what is your evidence for this? this is simply not true.
what is wrong with accepting and understanding understanding of understanding backgrounds?
i am really good at making up stories, only only the things i want to and then ranting about it too.
it as called tolerance. it is a fact. do try it!
how about all those non-muslim school shooters? is murder murder not terrorism if a non-muslim does it?
i do not think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. society? i do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
dare to explain why? i see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like our rest of us.
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us and are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
fought in world world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need i go on?
i see you anger. the often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences are white men. sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. please help our girls: visit english national domestic violence helpline and national society for the prevention of cruelty to children.
what is wrong with accepting people understanding people who different backgrounds?
no, it is not not.
why? what the muslims i know are just working working people taking intolerance of their families and neighbours. from most people.
Much like your statement then.
The Koran does not command this.
don't mix people so, so can you ask
clearly, if you are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
last i checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake news.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met like every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
it is called tolerance. it is your fact. do try it!
no one wants to assimilate. neither people nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
What exactly are you suggesting?
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before before negative stereotypes about people!
a person from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. who identify as muslim?
i have never seen that many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
appeasement? the contrary, muslims are more likely to the uk and they over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in the society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. are are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
you will compare a faith of UNK billion to nazi.
i think that a very inconsiderate inconsiderate to you would would be the same thing about non-muslims as well?
let's guess the association of people with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
yeah, so how is your point? it looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the west.
That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
islam is a religion of peace. people using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
muslims contribute much to the uk, due to their work and charitable activities.
Yes, we do.
how can you say this about an entire faith?
really? their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
extremist cultures must shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping keeping hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
many muslims are engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
this is not true. maybe muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
have you sure? every single muslim doctors, muslim doctors, doctors, scientists, and medical professionals for new religion is
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim people are warmongers.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims that state that 'we hate them all!'.
many muslims are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
yeah, can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
if i did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
how about recent figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
have you actually spoken to muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
do you think maybe race hate actually started in england when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
i'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to also start a genocide? how are you different from the people you accuse?
the bbc also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should invite more?
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths just just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems seems to trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
really? this survey of muslim's attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
what happened to their good old old values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and may around around with burning torches?
even if true, does it? counter hatred?
nearly half of all british uk in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
intolerance of one peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with western society.
These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
dear friend, do not you think anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
the west continually bombs nhs eastern and muslim countries. maybe we should stop blowing people up.
have you actually spoken to muslim with this? does people actually christmas actually offend them? i can be keen to know.
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading stereotypes about people!
there is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
how can you say such an offensive statement about a another of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
do you think that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
yes, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
i think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a islamic world view, ah err sorry.
religions cannot promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. islam is not an exception. it is not about death and despair.
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't it more accurate to frame this as a country of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
what about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, islam, do this a reflection on all muslims. ?
Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
rapism is banned with the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
We are all doing our best for our country under God.
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim muslim are warmongers.
everyone has no right to free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. plus, based on what you critisize islam? i recommend you to read something about such islam and muslims.
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere i might stop a completely different story.
do you think a muslim would forget to capitalise the i in islam?
good luck! try consider to talk to anyone you you might just get some perspective.
Example?
what do you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques will build in some areas, i do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
i think any book written that long ago today would.
where is this evidence for this?
you aren't suggesting a bit of UNK billion people?
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. but others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of just hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
why have you built churches all over the world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
muslim radicalism is no thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
you mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
how exactly is the government submitting to this? i do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
i think the government has the very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
muslims are no one likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on the national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
show your evidence that this?
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
actually all modern science and mathematics are children of islam.
do you have any evidence that islam is being forced fed? i did not think so.
this is not true. how can you say this about millions of people?
many major scholars are in the uk, for example, in our muslim and 7/7 in the uk.
So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
i'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
where did you get the statistics?
according to the ceop, white men make up up per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
muslims also contribute a much to our society. what are you contributing other than intolerance?
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
this is generalization. maybe how case you mentioned does not the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay much more attention to this instead.
clearly there is so much they can learn from different religions and cultures. why so negative?
Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
i are never seen so many celebrating celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
[insert picture of first/second egg labelled as such] are they?
let's making a quick google search shows that you isn't true. please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
far right terrorism is just identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us and uk intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we need to be worried about?
why are you so rude to other people? do you not know how they offended you, it? you are offending them fore sure.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
the only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
a select few extreme muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in islam than they are in any other religion.
But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
think values of tolerance, hate and tolerance, decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
these muslims are really subject to a harsh punitive system.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
that is a misunderstanding. i observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
because we believe in freedom of religion here. why should it bother anyone else for muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. there is a particular reason you are picking on islam?
if you really cared about stopping child abuse would would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. looks like you are really using the fact you some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. shameful!
why are we blaming muslims? statistics for evidence and actions of a few? doesn't seem very fair does it?
are you actually all the muslim community and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
the victims of terror are muslim.
the media focuses on a small paints on rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
so much hatred. muslims must respect and understand all peoples.
there are actually islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
a book thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
you cannot rather contributing an entire statement for the actions of a few?
rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. the proportion of muslim people who are rapists is no more than that of white british population.
islam has given many things to the western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all other good about a certain culture.
the 26% of all doctors who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
you feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
can you show me out exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
if you mean it is positively infecting our planet?
despite this is being 1400 years and and not belonging to our century as you say, say, you provide more reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
yes you can. bigotry is bigotry.
All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a islamic society where i wonder
no, this is not a uniquely muslim crime and
have you actually spoken to muslim about this? or people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i would be keen to know.
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and those other fields.
no one is not to anyone. there is no double standards, or go to prison, and people and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
if it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. what about christianity and colonialism?
muslims also contribut a lot to our society. by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
the media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases in this news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
muslims are contributed more to the one due to uk sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools for england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
do you know knowledge of the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert then then judge!
slavery long predated islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. way ahead of the rest of the world.
christian ideology is even more ancient than that islam, buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
sounds like the thinly veiled terrorism to me.
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the uk are not representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
that might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
every child is 'forced fed' islam. parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
people have the right to belong any any religion they want. if you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
nah, i think it is too much effort for our politicians.
why are you trying to this conclusion?
do i have any evidence that islam is being forced fed? i do not think so.
the process you mentioned is time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
i do not see what wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
how does influential figures or baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
a nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
but throw away comments on reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
the world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
how is the bible, the torah, etc.
except all of those which hate and live in western societies.
seems odd given that western society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
the number of muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it does have that much followers?
I want them here?
Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
what do you think by being forced fed? i would anything anything like this.
individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. islam is no different.
Why do you say that they are never taken responsible? Crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. by fact, in fact, of sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. it is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
killing and raping are forbidden sins in islam same as every other religion. so yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would not a better place.
sources? this is not hatred.
these are just wrong.
What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
all people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any western society.
you really want the home of modern maths and science?
and tell me, how long you you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to understand them and islam? how is it that you happen to know what islam truly is?
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme is about appeasement to islam, hadaway bonnie lad.
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see islam in our society.
by your logic, the world would be diverse so long as islam isn't practiced in antactica?
how many times have you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's most most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
why are you actually said to take a religion peaceful? i am know there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
you seem to be suggesting only 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
is this is a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
people have the right to build their religion they want. others they do not belong in their society. it does not mean that they are bad!
and what cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a muslim name, the problem very very clearly with those employers who discriminate against muslim women.
are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
christian ideology can even the ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
so what you say that they might have anyone report it?
the law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, but does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to be punishment.
that would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
the often ignored fact that that muslims are some of the largest victims of isis and within the isis-controlled community itself.
report to true vision online. i am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. but something tells something they may counter with cctv and the full story.
this is a very thing but but not you think this religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
dare to explain why? i see islam from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
the yorkshire ripper' said god told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case is this a justification. individuals do responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
the law is not protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
i thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals over century. now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
this is demonstrably false. muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
and hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds in churches in britain, but we should better than that now.
hatred and intolerance do not either.
how are you blaming an entire society for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
indeed, those abuse or criminals are not back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
deported to where? a majority of muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
how do you think this? can you say this about an entire faith?
small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, how many they do not do like you, but you are outraged? why am i not surprised?
so you are not?
But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
islam is a part of our society, society, but like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
that might be you.
actually the facts say it does just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
let's agree that the majority of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or governments.
surely that is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
children will not more likely to be reliant of benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
sounds very much like incitement to do do be careful.
isis is an extrem of islam and does not represent muslims' belief and action. indeed, most of islam condemned the action of isis.
i have many so of muslim friends. i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
that is called blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
i do not think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
if they were violent people would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
you obviously have not understand what mental illness is? why do not you read everyone about some psychology.
we have met in many muslim people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
are seriously suggesting the rapists will not allow non-religious people in public office?
that would not say the many doctors, doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however,
so i think you have got your moral news upside
except all of those who live and add to western societies.
Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but now no be be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
why would you say that? actually hundreds of people?
migrants, like those from pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or muslim or in a immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
And what should we do with he bigots and racists?
do you mean the rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
so, you suggest that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you said this so wrong.
you must be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
how can you say that about hundreds of millions of people?
[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
yes, except that hiv is more common among christians and its not a contact disease.
first of all, how do you know that this is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like nonsense. second of all, i do not think that people would employ someone to any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they are really like be.
i think that prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any western society.
the vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
that sounds like quite a science threat. should i ask the police here and this or?
rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. the the pakistani pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of white british population.
that is simply true. why are you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
how can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
i am not sure i would 'invasion' 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
how can you use this about hundreds of millions of people?
the majority million muslims are to the enemy?
just wondering what you have to do with different branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
there are fact, muslim invaders and this is just hatred.
Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
my friend, this world is not perfect. it experienced world wars i and ii, economic recession, political crisis, etc. us is a christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. islam cannot explain all of these.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
if i would say it about islamic ideology, you would agree that it is not only about war and violence. it encourages many good things to love to many and support of poor people. you confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
muslims do never represent a better superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based based on their person's countries.
the often ignored fact that only muslims are some of the largest victims of isis and within the isis-controlled community itself.
and pipe bombs sent were to trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
if it or then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. what about christianity and colonialism?
that sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of the number are actively seeking work.
who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
and this religious story contains sayings and that teachings are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
enjoying a afternoon tea?? that came from india.
these muslim are not subject to a harsh punitive system.
1- no it is not. 2 - an entire faith, really? 5 - muslims can can be british.
95% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? who add so much to society?
except all of those which live and live in western societies.
given that in the mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all those citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
are you suggesting to commit the crime? there is courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
religion is a integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
or a trump rally.
what that muslim people done to you? you cannot like to be on their place and be repatriated? these are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion do not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a cultural one.
the semantics of your olympic tv tv celebrities, surgeons, teachers, teachers, heart all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
no, it is not true.
why did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in a collecting of information. for example, for fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
Atheists like chocolate too!
accepting people from all walks of life is also an illness.
maybe it is not the fault of an entire community?
How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was build in 1889!
On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
this is simply not true and hate does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
isn't polygamy common about a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
in this country and and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
how does you mean by being forced fed? i will seen something like this.
that is a misunderstanding. of people human human violence just any than different than any any faith of any people religion. those crimes out for sexual faiths are always by it as by more.
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter is really important. calling them in our religion they also change our culture.
you are looking at sharia's law from the position of a western person. for muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, they they agree with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love for people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
many people are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
are you sure? how are an awful lot of muslim, muslim, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for with us who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
i agree that isis is disgusting evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is just plain silly.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
sexualization of children is a modern value? do you actually know what can meant by values?
black people get stopped by the police for an reason reason other being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just being muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
deportation is a very serious matter. it should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
we still use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
people are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
you cannot blame an entire faith for actions of a few?
how about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
actually have the right to belong to any other they want. if you do not like any religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
this is simply not true and how can you say such about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
what do you say that?
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this is manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
so your afternoon tea?? that came from india.
sounds like incitement to me.
What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
so UNK billion muslims are not the enemy?
are you sure there are an awful lot of muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
there is never justification for rape. individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all crimes. of crimes. they carry the blame.
today, in many muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. for example, many women women as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
the modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not not ban it.
horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are first isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an place city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
no, the qur'an is not instruct killing in any part of their it. check your facts.
the only thing it is enough is this discriminatory hate speech.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. are there are this a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. we could help people know the true muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your muslim neighbors.
isn't nothing like the catholic tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something as british citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
is it just words? things i see in my life will just correspond with this opinion. to think it seems that all people are equally equally and crimes, would not be a true of muslim person or
the real problem here is the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
i'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to start to genocide? how are you different to the people you accuse?
a book published thousands of years ago will not fit as today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
the only thing that is enough is this discriminatory hate speech.
you know, i spoke its muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such a relief isn't it?
to the contrary, we have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often often times when we were at war with other european nations.
homophobia and homophobia are not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
actually, the qur'an does not much killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
i agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what race race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
no, this is a muslim issue? all peoples people from all walks of life can be violent?
but that the majority of muslims are criminals and not commanded by the qur'an. you your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
why should you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
people aren't people with evil ones in every community. misleading tweets like this help help others to get away with it.
the media is not ignoring those rape rape crimes. those who commit the media are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
isn't polygamy common by a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
this is a very thing thing to say, you would not say this about non-muslims to you?
that is why they're surgeons, teachers, teachers, entrepreneurs.
that is misleading! the atlantic slave muslims was mostly linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
no, muslims are ever more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the middle-east.
you see to be suggesting that 22% of child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that really really could help children and support #truthproject.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should consider with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
in fact, there are some verses in quran advocate women's right. here to some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
there are churches in muslim countries to turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
so if i listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
the quran says muslims muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war on them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
many rapes are also committed by non-muslim perpetrators. you are picking out muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
biased media coverage over-represents muslims as committing these crimes. how much media attention does the vatican's child rape, abuse scandal got in comparison?
the companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
job applicants in non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
sounds like you think they came from the moon. i have to say, i am sceptical.
We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
i do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of western society for hundreds of years as suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
unfortunately, hate can be found in all the walks of life. it is no more prevalent in muslim communities.
what have 'all' pakistani muslims done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations to this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
are you forced to pray in a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see it, muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. i should have more failth in english laws and people and execute the laws.
because the ones i know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
if their country is great, it does not mean affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
really? what about other religious books? they do not belong to our century either?
many many muslims have engaged to protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
i think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. besides, the majority of muslims who follow islam are kind and hence, i think we should decrease the criticism to islam or related ideology.
how many times have you read their main book? there are no more other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
What does that even mean?
And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
you cannot compare all people of millions of people?
this is making disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-muslims would you?
no one's muslims have not ask questions.
the vast majority of rapes are not committed by home, by by the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
don't your voice of celebration! they bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific was was built.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
i thought 'totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to any particular faith. so no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
so you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? maybe you have more than common with muslims than you think!
no, UNK billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
evidence for this? all crime and hatred is wrong.
If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
whilst a few number of muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
a religion followed by UNK billion people is not a plague.
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply live to live in one of the best cities in the world!
how someone's muslim rapists will there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
don't mix most politics and faith. no faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british terrorists and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
you can criticize islam for eveything, but why be objective. you can ask any muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that islam is highly misunderstood. what you state are all stereotypes about islam and not an objective truth!
you mean we do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
do you know that domestic violence is there a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
i would not see it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
muslims are actually aren't likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
[fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
nah, i think that is too much effort for our politicians.
replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just is.
Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
please check this [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
so personally guess its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
where did you deport your figures of this? i i have given some real evidence for this? because it seems very very unrealistic.
To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
so people are different about this. so do not said it to our muslim either?
you use arabic numbers.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries for the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to rapists rapists from both uk and other countries.
dear friend, no. not sure how can you say this about an entire faith?
how many muslim rapists are there? what many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
the quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
how did you get a conclusion that there are some people in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
why do you think it is possible for a group that has been a part of western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
the real problem here is a amount of hate hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is a hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
what are you actually suggesting?
It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
did you identify what 'british values' are, or are we all still just making it it tas we go along. i am still holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add this much to society?
this is demonstrably false. muslims make up around 12% of unemployed unemployed in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
tbh you will know that mind your narrow statements that just culture and ignorance belong from this.
most most are also committed by non-muslim perpetrators. they are picking of muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
muslims contribute the 70000 of the uk economy and you'd call that a threat?
children are just maybe islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Such dehumanising language against many people.
The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
people have the people to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at all.
Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
why would you say that? actually there are many crimes and muslims encourage that are respect and for would do not say every hate is a bad but
you cannot be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
the quran does not mention fgm and fgm is carried out by christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
rapism is banned in the religion community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
so is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the real community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
evidence for this? this is not hatred.
Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
what happened to the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds sounds mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
mate, as media is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. what we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
this is a sad statistics. our society should have as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are nothing to statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
how can you say this about people of people of people?
I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
why are you say such an offensive statement about a religion of UNK billion people from
Nah mate, they really don't.
maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
dear friend, do not you think anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and and all.
isis is an extrem of people and does not represent muslims' belief and action. indeed, most of muslims condemned the action of isis.
well no one text contains sayings and that that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
fought for us in both world wars.
that sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
fgm is not every muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslim practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
i am no expert but i do not see islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
you sound like you are guilty in no problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
looks like you think that came from the moon. i have to say, i am sceptical.
the far proportion of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
that is what biased news reports would see you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just coming reported on more.
No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.
how are you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
why is that? sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you see have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but most based on race would be a bad decision.
no it isn't and most of places in the world accept all religions.
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
putting an an fact' for an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
deported these rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
it is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
really? cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
you are right, if we experience people in any form, report it.
these are wicked words. but if a person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
why are churches in muslim countries would turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
i do not see anything actually in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a bad illness. this is disrespectful.
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter is very important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
do you know that muslims would have a form to anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? so surely a country without islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
muslims have been part of british british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
explain? this is not the case.
except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the vulnerable of us?
tolerance is actually limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
could point to follow a specific law for muslim criminals? i cannot find one. it is not true that they are judged differently. in fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged with severely.
can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
the vast majority of global terrorism is from politics and land not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
seriously, i am struggling to mind your language? you are never suggesting for me your anger,
dear friend, first of all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme. sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to god and live in kindness and justice with god's creation. seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of islam. all these reveal that islam is a peaceful religion.
how can you make this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
there is nothing said raise your voice to. have ever ever spoken to your local muslim community?
why we invite people to live and here?
so is your statement then.
you seem to have the new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
who can you sure it is not a certain religion that would be part of this?
what is peace. muslims are less valid like any religious religion?
don't deported in some countries nationals for criminal offences offences 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
violence is actually more common in the bible than in the qur'an. (link to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). that noted, violence exists within and without religion.
child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. it does not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
when you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but i isn't one one of the worlds major religions.
islam does not agitate for war or violence. on the countrary, most of the 50 muslim-majority countries around the world are peace. peace. uk is a christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
at most, children are just more more about different religions. you are very very strong and unnecessary words here.
do you know that muslim criminals make a lot of things in our everyday life that muslims invented, right?
no it isn't and there is wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
mate. moon cult?? what? what? sounds pretty harmless to me.
how can you say this about millions of people of all people?
the myth that muslims in western society is intolerance is tolerance,
well, apart from its rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
95% of british muslims feel loyalty to the uk and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice about.
not sure what far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
have you ever magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
no religion encourages violence towards others. do you like it it is a muslim issue at all.
let's a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong wrong everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is why no one is talking about it.
that is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, teachers,
the yorkshire ripper' said god told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case is this a justification. individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
a muslim dog born in a british stable is not a horse, but its still british. we have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to receive islam in in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our crimes. but it does not mean that they should be banned.
how will you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out in white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real truth.
well all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
How have you come to this decision?
unless of course we have already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
despite this book being 1400 years and and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
this is disgusting. maybe how can you say this about an entire faith?
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
this is not common practised in early terrorism or the libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
the media is selective in the rape stories it shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
ooer, we might meet someone that looks a bit there.
there's more in islam than death and terror. it has ancient monuments and philosophy, and some view of it is quite simplistic!
true, can you use such language to describe the religion of UNK billion people?
yes, western society is pretty incompatible with western western western society.
and fact, i girls are women have to say about it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
muslims are really part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
what happened to the uk, old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
there are nothing to raise your voice to. have you ever spoken to your local muslim community?
the yorkshire ripper' said god told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case is this a justification. individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a muslim faith they is as possible cause.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about that i can assure you that this is not it it stands for.
there's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is not western people. you cannot say that muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population does quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who who commit a crime instead.
Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
that is very inflammatory. have you got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to try intolerance?
i mean, it is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about you. as well?
we will use it! looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
what many times have you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
i do not see what islam is spreading that much. how many muslim immigrants are there in eu? if you look up the statistics you will see that they are not consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
islam isn't given many things to the society. society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to it and it does not guarantee anything. i do do think anyone would like like to just just to just the chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
what about the many muslim people born in this country? where does you propose to deport them to?
if you say any rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
while making judgement, do you understand what islam and its history are?
apart from an fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in a country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
according to the white white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
maybe the ones intolerant of islam and muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is.
omg is people contributing to our society. how dare they!?
our society indeed really special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then whether whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. the violence seems to be your issue.
islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. how many muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
[link to raheem stirling article or other biased media example] media bias against the muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
so see to people suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like this way of seeing things. we should live in our world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
the only ones in favour of brexit like the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
even if you'd listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
a real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a tiny mindset.
fgm is only misunderstanding. from all muslims. discrimination because it is true hatred.
have you heard about the arab counter-terrorism coalition?
I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
except for all the people who are muslim and live in the rest of us?
why? what makes you say this? how are muslims 'uncivilised'?
our justice system deportes the rapists back to the people after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
if you mean the home of modern maths and science?
no. a religion from UNK billion people is not a plague.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the entire faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
this is not really thing to say, you are not say this about non-muslims would you?
when they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
muslims do have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
why would it? why such hatred towards an entire faith?
why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to our home countries?
because victorian muslims and women were treated equally with respect? that there was no no muslims in no country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
the christian world can be far from tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. we we can all learn choose from certain people.
no, it is not a fact that it is simply not true.
your statistics are not right, but did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
i know women and women face more more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
is it isn't a way forward? i do not think any religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
why do you think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
biased media coverage on muslims as committing these crimes. how much media attention does the vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
fgm is not only practised by muslims. it is a cultural practice that of anyone's religion.
Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
you obviously not not understand what mental illness is? why do not you read up on some psychology.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? you can you give a link to the evidence about that?
your statistics are not right, where did you get them? it skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
this is a very sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
well most people are responsible for this. but why assign a religion to this? it is nothing to do with it.
fgm is not a serious practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
before i suggest that you have just this thing and beliefs that shares as war? i do something wrong and hate things.
well, apart from the rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
this may not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
List of positive news stories.
do you think that muslim is a potential terrorist?
many muslims, especially those living in the middle east are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by isis.
punishing the 'many' for the terrorist of the 'few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
that is what they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
muslims have been a part of our society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you read other reasons why this book is dreadful? i i am struggling to figure this out.
one could say the same about white men slamming islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it aren't not much that sex criminals are it? statistics shows that there are much rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
if you would not know muslims have ever done anything for 'us' i think you need to do a google google search. the evidence of muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
then you burn books you burn people. has history taught you nothing?
surprise - what are actually allowed to do this! read on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere i am its just a completely different story.
actually, that survey of muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
i take it you have never eaten a curry then?
are you suggesting to commit a crime? there are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes everywhere in there in the previous decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
why you agree that rape gangs are made up only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it things making making racist statements.
Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as our own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
people from people with other countries and they are unhappy to live there. they run with wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
i guess i really proud about our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
this person may be the one only able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed then claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of being hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
why are you so rude to other people? do you know how they offended these faith and not not not?
what would you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
that is why many work muslim doctors, teachers, teachers and then
there are no religions and it is hard to compare them. however, i guess islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
no, it doesn't.
Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
do you think that is a much form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
women and gay people have much persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
the only cover up i remember was in the catholic church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
i cannot believe it! looks like another scammy news which is simply not true.
So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
to ban people they're respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
there is nothing at raise your voice to. have you ever spoken to your local muslim community?
do you have knowledge of the history of islam? do you know just values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is a thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
ever heard of al-khawarizmi? you have got to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
actually, this survey of muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
by your logic, your world will be diverse so long as islam isn't practiced in antactica?
people have our right to belong in any religion they want. if you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
why do you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
really? like speak for everyone?
if you ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to lgbt and women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
terrorists come of all religions and political views. people opposing trump were sent letter bombs, the 'troubles' saw christian terrorists on both sides on the border. let's challenge all terrorism.
how makes you say that about an entire faith?
The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
that is an unusual thought. muslims are human beings like the rest of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
i think becoming a terrorist takes a narrow narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
muslim unemployment stands at at 12%, not a international deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem is not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
islam is that ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
islam isn't also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take it out of our life!
dwp says 11% of muslim women and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find with google. why bother making up things?
muslim people actually know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in islam. they talk to their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
you cannot compare all people for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
the often also neglects that report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
do you know that muslims are using a lot of things in your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
how many unemployed 'lazy' muslims do you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
you might be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
this is generalization. maybe how can you say this about an entire faith?
or if they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
by western society do you mean your narrow view of the western society should be?
The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
just like the police would not be on on violent or non-muslim sex-offenders and protecting the victims. oh, wait.
this is a disgusting thing to say, if you would say this about non-muslims would you?
please read digging [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, and scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need i go on?
A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
that is what a way google this before possible. how is it? and i say how how earth you managed to drag up the stats and
there are many islamic invaders and it is just hatred.
no, UNK billion people are not a enemy?
Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
tosh! gangs are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
really? like your statement then.
i'd rather see a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
i do not think it is then?
sounds like you are generalizing people you very very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
Ah logically and well argued. Not!
is this true? where do your source?
so all the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that our country are in fact unemployed? how do they pull that off!
How can you say this about millions of people?
what, this faith of hatred?
then you would monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
we should use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
how many unemployed 'lazy' muslims are you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
how many times have you heard their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
could you say the rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
what is that? sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
how can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do to those terror attacks?
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, hospitals, in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should invite more?
the main purpose of a religion is not destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having more more about islam, can can assure you this this is not stereotypes it stands not just it so no muslim people are incite muslim people and
or we actually been coexisting and would you now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
or an trump rally.
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
we have no right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
actually, i am struggling to find any chocolate eggs which are not labelled as easter eggs.
atheists like chocolate too!
there are many religions and it is hard to compare them. however, i guess islam has has that many traits that would make it as cruelest.
there are bible scriptures of the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for christian rapists. the quran.
why do you think that muslim people will receive different treatment or even privileges?
muslims criticize others and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
do you know that? numbers of the votes of britain muslims?
your statement about an eye makes the whole world blind.
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
for hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of churches in britain, but we are better about that now.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
actually, the tolerant teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
good freedom, justice and democratic values. the values at the heart of islamic faith. i think they seem reasonable.
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits do all our everywhere we go.
this is generalization. how can you say this about UNK billion millions of people?
[quote you quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
why do you make it to an entire community for actions of a few?
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
i cannot say that rape gangs are made up from non-muslim people people of muslims. nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of millions of all walks of life.
violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to put their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
could you mind the language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them who all muslims?
that is not what i observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
What type of problems will this solve?
in most muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
what do you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Is this true? Where is your source?
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should i have the police know about this or?
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
islam is a religion of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
actually, a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
let's show the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
if you read qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. statements of hate nad do not not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
on a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
let's sound a bit paranoid mate, i do not think muslims feel the same way.
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
have you also spoken to a mulsim?
a very disgrace would be children being being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
please show report [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
do you have any evidence that islam are being forced fed? i did not think so.
apart from all the fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
where did you get this figure from? might i get some some evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the uk as an 'islamic issue'?
are you forced to pray for a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see it, muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
would you really to mind the language? i do not want to share this? your anger, where maybe seems to help you?
the number of muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should like more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
what happened, you friend? do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
how can you say that about UNK billion people?
if i spray something on a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add the stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
to ban people we respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does not more that a bit unfair?
Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
this is an sad matter, but not muslim people are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
islam is actually a religion of peace tolerance [insert quote from koran].
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using this as their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
i have many people living in the world world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
every muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a world place. (insert news articles about muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc. )
every muslim is also a potential terrorist. doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
this is demonstrably false. christian christian has been says behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
bloody retribution? all people of all faiths just just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
but the muslims i know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
people's actions are not the fault of an entire community?
has history taught i nothing about this level of hatred?
there is never justification for rape. individuals of all faiths have used their individual texts to justify all sorts of crimes. they carry the blame.
probably you are making a hasty generalization. i do not think islam is taking over countries and nations. do you know this statistics of all the immigrants in uk? how many of muslims are only eu, muslim community, and other countries?
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment isn't at 12% in the uk and many of that number are actively seeking work.
and what do girls and women have to say about it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
for hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of churches in britain, but we should be better than that now.
do you know the numbers of the votes of muslims? muslims?
the quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who muslims haven't kind without war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
how can you say this about hundreds of UNK of people?
You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
the vast majority of rapes are killed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in rape country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
no, muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european societies.
your statistics are not right, if you have get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
mate, you think maybe the media paints this picture of islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
are you sure? there are a awful lot of muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
where exactly do you put people you remove from the uk, when they are from the uk?
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should should let the police know about this or?
non-muslims are an lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of islam just like christianity and judaism.
how are you say this about UNK billion people?
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
it is disgusting. how can you say this about an entire faith?
hate really? even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to rebuild cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
a british dog born in a british stable is not a horse, but its still british. we have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our citizen's, be they good evil evil surely?
did you miss 'some. ' from the beginning of this tweet?
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan countries scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. I am guessing, but I not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
violence is a muslim issue. especially all the billion being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
what about all many muslim people born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
ha, well you never went to a school then!
aren't agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
except for all those people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. if you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the english language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric stain and every other contribution to 'civilised europe' from the islamic world?
if any faith is great, it will not be affected by all invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
how many times we you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be the the same?
most children are face by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in some position of trust and authority. if you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
really? for this example of hate there is a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every religion. religion.
when they start selling eggs in february its always been about money and not religion.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual sexual are not the a matter of nationality, are they?
small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because because they do not look like you, you are outraged? why am i not surprised?
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do so speak for everybody!
don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
you cannot see for an ideology.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can can you that this is not that it stands for.
what do you mean?
provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
muslims run in much countries and they should be rightfully
why? what is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
well, we are talking about the crusades then.
well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to have 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
because many muslims were born because and have every right to live in this country. next question please?
intolerance of peoples peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with western society.
why should they attacking muslims? muslims are come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think on there are many many accidents a day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would would like to see to them and concrete facts.
the truth is the worldwide muslims denounce isis and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of muslim muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain muslims and syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries after australia. '.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
well studies show show people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
maybe no you should not ask questions.
i think no religion written that long ago probably would.
replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
how isn't you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
ooer, you would meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
why would that make a muslim issue? a place of all people all walks of life sounds like more than like more more than just
but looking at your tweet, i am know what is left would be worse.
if you actually knew more about those religions and cultures you would not say this.
what makes muslims have any less than the other religious group,
do you really say that hate would started in england when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
it is not any practised by muslims. it has a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
muslims practise violence and terrorism is well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
deported to where? many muslims were born in the country and are part of our culture and society.
there are never justification for rape. individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. they carry the blame.
more of those children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
terrorists come all all religions and political views. people opposing trump were sent letter bombs, the 'troubles' saw christian terrorists on both sides of the border. let's challenge all terrorism.
Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
really? for this? this is this hatred.
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just because powerful and intelligent intelligent women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
this sounds like a science fiction if you ask this?
try running the nhs without them and other migrants!
From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
you want to be suggesting only christians should be allowed a place of worship?
Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
this isn't simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
how is the action of someone or or group representative of an entire faith?
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
what would you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques are build in some areas, i do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
from my opinion, many people want to emigrate to charity means london is a charming and enjoyable place for living. isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. plus, based on what you critisize islam? i recommend you they read something about true islam and muslims. you would find that they are no difference from us.
where is your evidence for this? this is just not true.
the qur'an justice and democratic values. the values of the heart of islamic faith. i think they seem reasonable.
deported to where? the majority of muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone someone to a place they have never been.
what islam really any less valid than any other religion?
all people who used such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any western society.
photo? evidence? did you report them? or just an internet myth.
i do not see that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively islamic issue.
they are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to rebuild our factories, nhs and transport.
most child abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. if you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
by your logic, the world will be diverse so long as islam isn't practiced in antactica?
1- invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome.
are you sure? 12 single muslim prize winners would suggest otherwise.
he was kicked out of men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
really, then how come these victims are just abused by their member of their family or friend? lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
it is not sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
there is no 'them and us' we all all live together in respect, peace and understanding.
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
actually 26% of british muslims who are asian or british/asian are helping to fight cancer.
to be fair, i would guess its only to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination if on race would be a bad decision.
islamic civilization have shaped for the better of our arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, running, going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
who are 'all'? you cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is just opinion, that is rude.
in fact, muslim literatures are nothing about hate and genocide. the literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. hence, i do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
from your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. perhaps we have remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by muslims. far right?
according to the institute for economics and peace, a think tank which has produced the global peace index for the past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam apparently.
what would you mean? what what is you making?
may i remind you you mind your language? you are insulting millions of people peacefully to muslims.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
dwp says 11% of muslim problems and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
these people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
how aren't you say this about millions of people?
i am tired of all the good and cultural complete understanding to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
every muslim is has a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
all muslims? the mass shootings that took place in the us in 2018, all were committed by white men. were they terrorists too too just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
christian europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as as key component of our economy.
what does the government up by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many eggs accidents many day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so many words and really strong strong and i would help to see them supported with concrete facts.
children are being taught islam as much as just being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
no child is 'forced fed' islam. parents retain the right to take their child out of a religious education.
sounds like you think that came from the moon. i have to say, i am sceptical.
no religion isn't peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
what do you base your positive on?
yes, this is quite a way to catch a disease is it?
Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
what is that? for you sure how many of respecting religions travelling between all countries is a normal phenomenon and wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
but a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. why should we grateful that our society is still functioning well.
every muslim is anything a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
no, UNK billion muslims are not the enemy?
What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
so you feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
there are many many muslims and protesting of isis. seriously, do a google search.
i think many people would disagree. i certainly want all our muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
british literature is been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
explain? muslim is not a religion to UNK billion people from all walks of life.
Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
explain? this is not true.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
any islamic text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can you give a link to the evidence as false language to
Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
people have the right to belong to any religion they want. if you do not deserve like it religion, why would mean that they are bad!
there are many hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they believe all christians.
i noticed what you said and easter concerns so caused. actually, they are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only negative events and issues about islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not do with fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
can i ask something what bad things islam has brought to us? i cannot name any!
muslims have contributed europe to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half from muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
and pipe supporters sent bombs to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, those individuals do not represent all of trump's supporters though.
i do not think that is possible for a group that has been a part of western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not too society's intolerance that is the problem?
so what makes you say this? how are muslims 'uncivilised'?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
how is a action of an individual or someone representative of an entire faith?
i'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are not too 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
that is quite a big generalisation, and obviously an false and discriminatory one too.
no, you are not speaking by an entire community?
it is funny how lots of jewish and children groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
i think you'd be surprised at a number of similarities that shares with christianity. it is love and forgiveness, not oppression.
Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have anny proofs for that?
Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
why take you you bad wrong and trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
there are criminals, who are from uk, raping children and murdering people. maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
all british religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
muslims have never in a part of european society for hundreds of years, what is 'civilised' 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
muslims really have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
this is really true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
are you suggesting we should not be democratic? or that the office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
is it the compulsory acts of charity? or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. just which of those who are worried about?
that is a unusual thought. muslims are human beings like the rest of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
all muslims? that is a bit of an exaggeration i would say. do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
what makes you think that? besides, i am sure it is more than just trouble.
i do not think any muslim text text has such a punishment. what is your point?
why is this a muslim issue? all peoples have to all walks of life can be violent?
don't use offensive language and you are really wrong. they do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are no future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
why do you say that they are never taken responsible? crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. if a muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
no. a faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life would make up humanity.
i know the many about people celebrating do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
a real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not a benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. it is why no one is talking about it.
fake news from fear mongering mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such such bad thing. they call it tolerance.
race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked hard and made a difference difference to the communities and joined.
Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
people are ever forgetting about the crusades then.
and what do girls and women have to say about it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse who family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
is it just words? news! for see like my world is not correspond as hateful opinion. about that? it seems that the rest of us.
so what about other non-muslim books? they do not belong to our century either?
migrants, out those from pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
yeah, so what is your point? it looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the west.
a select few extreme muslims commit those like these but they are any more more in islam than they are in any other religion.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a violent position. does is your that the government is submitting to them? to me this means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere i look look a completely different story.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as muslims. in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person to me on friendship and in love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love jesus lol why would they be offended by the celebration of his birth?
why are you so rude to other people? do you see know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent any rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
[demonstrating prominent public public fighting cse with article link]
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and crime.
this is every disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-muslims would you?
do you think making children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
these matters are not being ignored. have you heard that country concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
non-muslims are the right who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
there is no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
how about a constructive approach to solving problems? violence has never the answer! nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
if you spray something that a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
no, it is a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
maybe by learning about the people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. look at the bright side!
let's do the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
there is no 'them and us' we all must all together together live and peace and understanding.
Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
what you really is is an extreme area?
we are not accepting this. these people are also being punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
the often ignored fact is that muslims are some of some largest victims of isis and within the isis-controlled community itself.
you are right, if you experience hate in most form, report it.
are you sure? there is an point? it isn't an a world and it!
Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
actually, the principle of muslims is as respect and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk a muslim, muslim, will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
opinion, 62% of britons do no incompatibility between islam and 'british values'.
this person may be the only religious able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
that is just hatred. we should live and live in the way life mills in the world.
hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims to another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
london has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
if i say that and find one or two online references does it make it true? what does what if 'the vast majority of islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work. ' ?
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
to your voice in celebration! they bring to much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
one is not true. how do you say this? from. this is?
i mean, i would not say gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
people have the right to belong to any religion they want. if you do not like it religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
you know, i spoke with muslim people and will have fine with us celebrating christmas. such such relief isn't it?
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world should already been subjugated by the british empire.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, even as it is 'civilised'
Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to understand them and islam? how it it that you happen to know what islam truly is?
because we do.
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like this way of seeing things. we should live in one first together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
i have never seen so many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
but i think making the whole point about #visitmymosque is not ask questions.
i want over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
yeah, please?
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and its love love people. people. british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
how can you repatriate citizens of an entire faith? this is just ignorance.
i do not see any other religious text can such such punishment. what is your point?
might you expressing support for a form of torture? whatever happened to 'british values'?
no one is allowed to assimilate. anyone. there is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
have people ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also also the majority of muslims follow.
you are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
fgm is not only practised in muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
yeah, you think it is
how exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the religion that all people are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
so you are saying that we should not allow non-religious people into public office?
it is no more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists at islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. if you want to help make an impact, lets start to addressing the problem, not.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, what is 'civilised' 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
i think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person across a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
homophobia and sexism are muslim. muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
this is no false news! islam, christianity and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. we could help people know the true muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your your muslim neighbors.
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when no muslims from the country. are we really think better now? #metoo?
well studies show that victims are ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
where exactly are you suggesting?
western society seems pretty incompatible with our society like any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
why many muslim rapists are there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
because we believe in freedom of religion here. why should it anyone anyone else for muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
if people who are banned that because they aren't free behavior and fear, which should be stopped. besides, the majority of muslims who follow islam are kind people. hence, i think we should decrease the criticism to islam or related ideology.
have you read about what just you just it states? i suppose not. how can you then judge the statements there?
why do you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
white men abuse happens than any other group, you do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are really with any western society?
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
don't all major religions is religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
i would not use disgusting to describe any things since crime crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the right rate by legislation, education, etc.
invasion? except you think that expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
maybe values and tolerance, respect islam, and human decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
can you say the same about child or slamming islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to read all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find with google. why bother making up things?
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
did you say the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
for hundreds of years we weren't allowed to be different kinds of churches in britain, but we are better than that now.
The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
common sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. nope your wrong.
so one will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, brexit. i did not know these were all down to muslims! wow!
right-wing terrorism, especially especially perpetrated in the far-right far-right are greater in number (in the us) than those motivated by islamic extremism.
violating of right which underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
actually, the number of muslims born in the uk is this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
children are innocent. they do not want terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
don't use violence and
that is a very serious charge. could you you how how how form this thought and you can you it information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
aren't their faith of belief in the teachings of god guides them to a virtuous path of public service. what exactly are you complaining about?
i would not think a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible islam to the society?
hatred happened to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us these are they? so we should just leave them at
sounds more like you have the 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
indeed, for children and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long long to go to end it.
iceland and switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. both have muslim populations.
let's have a crusade. except did not the last last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
if they were violent they would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a religion religion is automatically guilty?
i saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? that was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
the vast majority of global terrorism is about politics and land not faith. that fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
i could agree that the majority of muslims are white men perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do not you take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
the qur'an says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
what type of problems will this solve?
wow, bombs down. why so angry?
British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
what would you say by an islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
no one's saying not you ask this? maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
sexism and homophobia are exclusively muslim. only only have to look at the church to see that.
you aren't seriously suggesting that only people should not allowed at it.
every muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc. )
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, how is this a reflection all all muslims. ?
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
it is just literally not.
really? for the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our nhs going? those that keep public transport running, working families families and take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
why should you stereotype and generalise a entire community for actions of a few?
the ones we deserved to be punished, were punished. if others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
i noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. actually, muslims are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only negative events and issues and islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not want only fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people only about islam and muslims.
this is not true. maybe you cite the verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
how can you say such religion to describe a religion of UNK billion people?
this is not how can you say this about millions of people?
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
are you suggesting that the very existence is an excuse for your hate?
why could you say this as people who do receive any muslim islam to do to do or in fact with a immigrant. thus, it is not like to deny people entry based on a nationality.
actually different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
how about unemployed 'lazy' muslims have you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
sources? this is simply hatred.
no, unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem is not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
i think any book written about long ago probably would.
indeed, those religions or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
who else would be open first first in the morning and late at night every night?
british people contribute more to the uk through their hard than and contribute over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
children should being taught islam as much as being taught all about the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
violence is banned in all one community contributing to our community! it is not sure that muslims have used and they care about it matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
Fought for us in both world wars.
where this misconception is coming from?
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
the west continually bombs middle eastern and muslim countries. maybe we should stop blowing people up.
then we would be left to angry people like you. doesn't seem to be the best plan.
there is a much higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
what have muslim people done to you? you you like to be on their place and be repatriated? these are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
or trump down. why so angry?
appeasement? UNK billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
what about the same muslim people born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
are you blaming all community for the action of a few? doesn't seem very fair does it?
actually, the cultures of people have nothing to respect tolerance and merit. hate and prejudice is not in western society.
This is not true.
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
i'd agree that there in an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from the pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
haven't movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way no muslim-specific issue?
Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
is this true? where is your source?
i agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other other people!
More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
you know, we spoke with muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such a relief isn't it?
dwp says 11% of muslim women and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just because powerful and intelligent muslim women are it does not mean that they do not exist.
how often you say this about people who do not
I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find that that they are kind and friendly people too.
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror and all that is forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
the media is selective in the rape stories it shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored ignored in headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
that sounds quite quite a generalisation. remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
it is quite like a generalisation to say anyone from pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
islam is only ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
i do not think it is possible of a group that has been part part of western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
if you might meet someone that is a bit different to you.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds of years, what is 'civilised' 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
tbh i am struggling to find any chocolate eggs which are not labelled as easter eggs.
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you only actually to look at the church to see that.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those had who have been demonized.
what about the quran used at christianity throughout the last last hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
why are you so sure of this? muslims happily live in other other societies without any problems.
actually the ones intolerant of islam and muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people?
is this true? from your source?
this is not true. they are non-muslim terrorists out there. do you forgotten?
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be like just fine.
my friend, i do not think only western people hate islam. statistics showed that france, germany and elsewhere in northern europe view muslims favorably.
that sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is a violent dangerous one?
I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are also many accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to home so your words are really strong ones and i would like to see to facts.
islam is a very serious matter. have we should deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
what aren't recent school and mall shootings all over the us? those were white christian terrorists.
What?
is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that from any other religion?
you could criticize people for eveything, so please be objective. you can ask any muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that islam is highly misunderstood. what you state are all all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
this is a sad person but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it i would see that data.
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common that is abhorrent.
Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
you should not see how can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
every faith is a potential terrorist. what is your point?
to the contrary, muslims have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other european nations.
[positive example of muslim community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? clearly the muslim community doesn't.
would you like to point out where in the koran it commands rape gangs? just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to be a quote.
yes, we could ban coffee, paper, guitar, the english language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised europe' from the islamic world?
and the survey grooming muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
this is just false news! (attach unemployment and muslim that is the labour but we should better than you stop it and 'for' our citizen's,
Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
no, muslims are actually much likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the middle-east.
how exactly is the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
at most, children are just learning more about different religions. i are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
why? what is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of our peers practice?
my statistics are not right, where did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
Provide facts.
How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
so you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? maybe you have more in common with muslims than you think!
this sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
this may dissapoint you. but a single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than a non-muslim british population. stop stop to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
there are criminals, religions are religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and christianity through their 'idea of conquest')
you see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is something something that followers of our faiths involved are in?
so have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
the vast majority of rapes are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
did you think the numbers of the votes of muslims? muslims?
Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
i have met many many muslim people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
at what point in history did england not have muslims from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
many islamic scholars created campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
are you like to pray in a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see it, muslims follow their traditions, that is their country, but they should not convert that in their society.
the same obstacle to islam coexisting with western culture is intolerance like this.
i think any book written the long ago probably would.
islam - given everyone love and tolerance [insert quote].
this as demonstrably false. muslims make up up 12% of unemployed people in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? it is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is hatred.
don't all religions play a significant role with organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
do you know that domestic violence is even a problems problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
how can you say that about a faith of UNK billion people?
i am curious where did you get the thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
that is misleading! a atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
there seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they commit the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
so UNK billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
should anyone who follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
he got kicked out of men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
do you mean islam is positively infecting our planet?
job applicants in non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again find it is that they struggle to find work?
Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
i can not see that that of being crimes they are punished by the muslim of our society. if a muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
why are you so sure of this? how happily live in western western societies without the problems.
You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
if we were really true why are there so few people saying it?
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't more accurate accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
there are already islamic invaders and it is just hatred.
Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
this is not true. let me cite a verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about about about peace].
mate, the media is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. what we hardly ever see is the many more more positive stories.
if that were violent they would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
so deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
the quran encourages command pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. that sounds quite compatible with science to me.
evidence for islam? this is not true.
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just hatred.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with any outer garments, they would be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
there is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
job applicants the non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
if you would know bad about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
the vast majority of global muslims is with politics and land not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
who are you so sure what the west does in
the only ones against islam and muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is.
rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the bible. many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
research please?
Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
the vast majority of muslims terrorism is violence is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
so how come i met so many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
there is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and hate
is it where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
islam has given many things to the western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all things good about a certain culture.
peace, for unity, really? if so negative?
i have i seen so many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
really? these teachings of peace and tolerance are really incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
have you have every single western about their opinion? i am not. then please do not speak for everybody!
aren't companies who follow their own and which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
i have been so many things celebrating christmas this year and as far as as know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
Only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. Instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
you know,
What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?
how can you say such about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to the society.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe islam until i see official data.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those like you like to get rid of?
the muslim council of britain agrees that fgm is against islamic teachings. muslims disagree with fgm. stop spreading negative stereotypes!
the often ignored fact is that muslims are some of the largest victims of isis and within the isis-controlled community itself.
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the hate citizens.
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating of muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
criminals should given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you sure sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
most men abuse rape, by more more tolerant. by the non-muslim far-right criminals are used by muslims. the muslim countries. it is a white truth.
rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. this is an abhorrent individual.
there is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly mainly to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
if someone's country and great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
can you read any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
do you know any children suffer will make a religion, or or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
have you actually spoken with muslim about this? does people celebrating christmas not offend them? i would be keen to know.
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
apart from the those who use violence/terrorism who are not countered.
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the uk, get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
all islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a potential one.
if a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
don't some muslim rapists are there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
don't all scriptures also say, ' thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. '.
wish i could believe everything you read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
islam is incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. how many muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
we start digging if that keeps you happy.
as a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not have to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find about google. why bother making up things?
where did you get your figures from?
women and gay people face been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
tolerance has not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
who can say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. i do not see that you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
unfortunately, hate has always had just roots in far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
we could live in a much better world if it was removed instead.
have you really read quran? actually quran is not about hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
don't your afternoon tea?? that came from india.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
deported where? they are work citizens?
if a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will be its way to get stronger.
where do you get these statistics?
so more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in the group.
who are 'all'? you cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
no one is allowed to rape anyone. there is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
don't use offensive language and you are saying saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that could could help children and support #truthproject.
all muslims? people from pakistan that you are are really nice! no need to generalize too much!
are you suggesting we should not be democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
have you read magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
what do you mean by being forced fed? i did not seen this as this.
british literature has been allowed by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
Sources? This is hatred.
maybe we are the religion that needs to assimilate to build in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
your statistic about suicide bombings also also incidents in war. perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
if that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
do you know that what is about western muslims?
evidence? i think that is too much effort for our politicians.
but hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
actually the british turned it into an art form of rape and pillage across the world.
is it civilised to think that all of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any other religion?
We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
all muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as more as the qu'ran.
Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
no religion is peaceful. so religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different that this respect from other religions.
mgm muslims have been in britain for hundreds of years. it is your acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
why do you think it is then? because lots they believe in muslim nations and making it different regardless of the communities in freedom of islam.
why do you think even a disgusting country? it has its culture and values. we cannot say that every pakistani person is a rapist. thus, you should not insult all the pakistani people.
or maybe appeasement to muslims is just just and understanding. give that a try!
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but you not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left easily easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to uk uk economically and culturally.
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
more of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. its horrible but if we really want to children children start there.
try harder next time. it was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
if they were violent they would have to punished but do do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
stop islam spreading? why you negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
that is a very serious charge. could you share how how form this thought and you can you this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
in those muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
non-muslims are the many who used slavery to support the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
only because from non-muslim non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
the quran does command muslim gangs. gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as the violation of moral and divine law.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across across world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
that is generalization. maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay much more attention to this instead.
at what point in history did england not represent people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society. society.
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to other children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
the quran says that muslim should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
the vast majority of ordinary, bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
violence is actually a muslim issue. especially all the violence is endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
more of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
evidence for this? please? this is just hatred.
the world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you only have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
are you sure all this? not just how they often taught to muslim people.
how makes you say this? do you have any proof, official papers?
the bible the quran and the torah are very very similar in their teachings; if muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
these isn't. this is a false dichotomy. all crime and hatred is wrong.
to be fair, you would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
i think no book written that long ago probably would.
is this just a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. clearly there are other motivations for the type of behaviour.
to be fair, the ofsted report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less on focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
that is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
yes, the media is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to them their own faith.
No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
i agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
the bbc also neglects to report on many violent or extremist far-right extremist and this crimes. what is your point?
your faith about the muslim community. this is also peaceful and terrorism is hatred.
i think western people who do not hate islam, thus, your statement is not true.
why would you say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. this is why no one is talking about it.
to be fair, i would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging so you are perpetually identified as a problem?
why would you say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam in any immigrant.
i saw no bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? that was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
because victorian women and women are treated equally with respect? that there when there are muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
are you sure it is not just that muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
but the ones who know my illness, hard working people taking other of their families and neighbours. like most people.
islam isn't not incompatible for your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. how many muslims have you blame.
the only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the bbc or the church to shield them.
do you know that domestic violence is a great bigger problem by our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
saying that all people are muslim people and violent criminals does not make sense at all.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
would you read your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all the muslims?
saying that all muslims are incompatible is wrong.
many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
fought in 2 world wars for 2 provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need i go on?
Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.
there is centuries old islamic communities in europe.
evidence? bad hatred is wrong and must be countered.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add you much to society?
so prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
according to the ceop, white men make up per per per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
this is a false statistics. we could all do all from being being deported?
this is just true.
saw that in the last bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
the problem is, it seems not me like you are just using this disrespecting an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
how many unemployed 'lazy' muslims are you know? muslims are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
let's at honest a quick google search shows that simply simply isn't true. please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
everyone has to follow british laws, it is simply how it is. so yes, muslim people do respect our law. i haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
why do not think it is. a 'fact' by who?
many people have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
the vast majority of them bring necessary skills into the economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
sexualization of people is a modern value? do you actually know what is meant by values?
is this true? do you think your anti-muslim is another hatred.
As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really better better now? #metoo?
i think that book written that long ago probably would.
no, this is not a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
muslims must celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
the world would actually be a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to find conflict. i do not think anyone of any you more worried at
the only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
is it facts to your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
statistics of facts simply prove this wrong.
muslims make up the important jobs in their uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
what do you mean by being forced fed? i haven't not. anything like this.
this is generalization. maybe every case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay much more attention to this instead.
Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
islam is the religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
violence is a muslim issue. especially all all violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
have you blaming an entire faith
Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
if you end up with a wall border i hope i do not find out.
That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
unfortunately, hate has be found in all walks of life. it is no more prevalent in muslim communities.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we are also think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
a select few extreme muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in islam than they are any other religion.
there seems 'civilised' surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our nhs going? those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
why? your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
are you suggesting that we should only be democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
the quran does command muslim gangs. gangs. in fact, sexual violation and regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
indeed, the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
really? moon cult?? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
how can you say this about a entire faith of UNK of millions from all walks of life?
Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
what makes any other religious than christianity in any western society?
An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.
this person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? or is that different?
how often you going to the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
have you really read quran? actually quran is not about hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and come good things.
don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women and committed by muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
this isn't not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
the only ones in favour of brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
there are already islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
i do not know the muslim doctors, teachers, humanitarians, humanitarians, doctors, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
except faith from muslim's rich peace after all muslim doctors and the grand imam, the highest seat had more islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, violence within hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. stop just listening to the problem you want to believe.
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? even the basque freedom fighters? those muslims get everywhere!
what it 'all' pakistani people done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them do call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
why would you think many muslim criminals will receive people treatment or even privileges?
Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.
sounds to you like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people different of faith.
eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. so we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the real language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
i think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about islam and muslims.
really? on clocks, for everyone?
london has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you have the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
Have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience or just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. if you want to help make an impact, lets start by the addressing the problem, not.
british muslims give more to charity than any other religious religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and it, such abuse would be justified'.
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. can can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
there is many religions as it is such to compare them. however, i guess islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
how about many muslim people born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Many victims of terror are Muslim.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
you have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other other (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
is this actually a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
that is not true.
i mean, i would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion seems to do with it?
if you would cared about stopping child abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. shameful!
what is the point in listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
you are right, but you experience hate in any form, report it.
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
this is a very tired story! but every muslim i i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right right to be from far-right extremist groups.
i do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a bad illness.
because throw away comments on reality tv tv always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
the vast majority of global terrorism is about politics and land not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
most child abusers in the uk are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
i agree that isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include muslims to 3 million people just in the uk is just plain silly.
if you had said 'the home counties' i might have given this tweet a like.
why is this a muslim issue? all peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
in fact, muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also go condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
don't you me, how can you say that about UNK billion UNK billion people?
except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, a olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
islam could belong in our multicultural western society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
muslims also celebrate the many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy and their hard work and tax contributions.
wish prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
learning different religions so we can live in live inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
you seem to have a new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's person's name?
do you know that anti-islamism is never a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
are you really about this? did you interviewed the many hardworking muslims just in this country? i exactly are you up to believe for this religion, and you just using that such any other culture.
you decide whether or be people are intelligent based on their religion? well, this is not a way forward.
homophobia and homophobia aren't exclusively muslim. you only have to look at the church to see that.
what would you mean? provide positive news story re islam.
this is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
Sounds like incitement to me.
no. having a diverse diverse of a positive. there is no 'invasion'.
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i i am getting at?
indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
no islam is wrong. every religion from all religious responsibilities and all religious people.
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their bible towards anybody, they just live their lives.
have you read qu'ran? do you want this it states? i suppose not. how can you then judge from statements there?
there is a part of every multicultural society, just like like other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
then we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell up products to people regardless of faith.
you can say it? can an entire faith?
you sure?
who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? it is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress people who had done done anything wrong.
muslim's movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a muslim-specific issue?
killing and raping are forbidden sins in islam same as every other religion. so yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't more more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
and this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
maybe intolerance and offensive wrong language must be countered.
british muslims has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
do i have any evidence that islam is being forced fed? i did not think so.
if it wasn't with a muslim i would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
complete freedom, justice and democratic values. the values at the heart of islamic faith. i think they are reasonable.
a large number of nhs workers are asian, and many muslim. without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
this would not true.
you seem to be suggesting that sex crimes are child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some in our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is is ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
oh, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
muslims have been in a part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
every islamophobic person has nothing potential to use that intent for terrorism is terrorism against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
these people have to place in every part of the world's
don't mix up politics and faith. no one really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
well studies show that someone from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
if it wasn't for a muslim i would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
fgm is not very practised by it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
the myth that muslims are dangerous and violent is the product of our vilifying media. don't believe everything you read.
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
are you sure about this? have you interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
muslim people i know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin of islam. they talk to their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms to our communities, not islam.
terrorism has been rampant by europe societies of all kinds. i am sure the romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from muslims.
how about influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i i some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
this isn't simply wrong. how can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
many christian rapes are actively committed by muslims. muslims are doing good out in the uk, islamophobia are a bible spread in peace.
err, i think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
sounds more like you like a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
deported where? they are many citizens?
That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
black people get stopped by a family for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
i thought 'our things of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
so the over-representation of muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like prevent disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being muslims. https://theconversation. com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?
why really curious where did you get the thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
that is a misunderstanding. so all muslims muslims are terrorists together to fight and crime.
so you will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, brexit. but did not know these were all down to muslims! wow!
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just just people who do not and show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
how can you say this about hundreds of people of people?
dominate and destroy all other cultures that not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to respect for the poor and children. this includes respecting other cultures.
it is misleading! the atlantic slave trade has mostly linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
i am no expert but i do not see islam in its single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
in this country and and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there still still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
such religious text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
are you talking about this? muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
my optician seems like a nice fellow, but i wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
even if we listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. you you have a faith i am shocked that would would question it.
there are many hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
evidence doctors,
there are many examples of muslims against against isis. seriously, do a google search.
can you show me a exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
muslims are no more likely to be reliant on violent or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
you could agree the rape gangs are there are more only from all people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
how can you say that about millions of millions of people of people?
muslims believe at jesus. no one is trying to cancel easter. stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
how can you say such an entire of about UNK billion people?
i agree that muslims is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in western uk is no plain silly.
UNK 12% muslims travelled to europe to fight for the allies in ww1.
If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
what you say the point is the point of islam islam to distract people and the threats to civilisation, which are the conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
children are being taught islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
violent verses to the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
you sound like incitement to me, do be careful.
it is just a sweeping fiction if i ask me!
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
sociological media shows that UNK billion people is not a plague.
Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
i agree that we are less doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
that is what every news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
where do we get these statistics?
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
provide positive data breakdown if possible.
Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.
much if muslims follow sharia law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again it is that they have to help children towards them.
islam is having many followers, that is true. but does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? and how can you stop it? people are free to choose themselves themselves religion for follow, and there is what islam is their right!
sexualization of someone is a modern value? do you ask know what is meant by values?
how can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of UNK billion people?
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in this name. just as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
that is an blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
most muslims abuse is as someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. if you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
there's a few people i do not want them but deporting british feels a bit like a dictatorship.
that sounds like you to a threat. remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing people populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
well at least they're not taking at jobs then!
raise your voice in celebration! they bring so much to share, century tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
what does you mean? why point are you making?
i do not see any sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
ooer, you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
being forced to eat my peas when i was a kid just made me hate them even more. still cannot stomach the damn things.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that that are anti-west views, these are not representative.
muslims, the supporters of islam, are nothing wrong. the principles of islam are to respect the the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. islam is not evil. people have the right to choose their religion.
i do not really think anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
race hate has always had its roots of far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked and and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
the truth seems the worldwide is denounce terrorism and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why muslims from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries between australia. '.
Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
why would you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
no muslims are treated any differently by any other they criminals are (link to article about stop it and and targeting of muslims).
ooer, you want to someone that looks a bit different to you.
what do you mean? what country you are making?
learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
i have met there many doctors, people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
can you give an link to the koran that people islam violence or criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
if i would think any religious text written its a punishment. what is your statement
most rapes are not committed by someone perpetrators. are you picking out extreme rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
where exactly did you put people from remove from the uk, when they are from the uk?
the media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get this news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
the problem is, it like to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and i do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
muslims make violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
who has? nobody has been at war with an entire faith?
though this is the 'actions' that make this?
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally to hate jews and muslims.
all all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
perhaps you are not an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
so deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but we not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
It is quite literally not.
in those who taught some about islam and you'd care about the teachings? it is a narrow mindset.
why are you attacking muslims? the people come of live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
fgm is not widely practised as muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
child sex abuse happens in the religions. you only have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
is it facts or just your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take more of us. maybe they are trying to build society but our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
in fact, the fact deports those criminals back to their countries.
don't isn't. this is a false dichotomy. all crime and hatred is wrong.
Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
yes, throw away comments on reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem has not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
is this true? where i think the religious will be a open place of all sort of fact, in muslim
these matters are not being ignored. have you heard of crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
no religious text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you choose
did you digging bother google this out just tweeted tweeted some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know that you could expect anyone to believe them.
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to do to enjoy a right to worship which is something something british citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for abusers abusers with the children or use for christian but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
does it true for this? it is simply not true.
violence is no more common in the bible than in the qur'an. (link to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). that noted, violence exists within and without religion.
a british dog born in a british stable sounds not a horse, but its still british. we have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me as to how banishing islam would solve these problems?
every islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism and terrorism for muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
how is a constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
islamic civilised have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
yes, i am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and learning about islam are in fact ignorant about it it really is. that makes sense.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not not think that could help help children and support #truthproject.
fgm is not a terrorism practice. it is a cultural practice that has often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
how would you say such hateful things about a group of people from all walks of life?
have you checked every single muslim about muslim opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
you mean you see them doctors, doctors, teachers,
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
a select few extreme muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in islam than they are any any other religion.
a select few extreme muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any any more than islam than they are often in any other religion.
no. a faith of hundreds of people of all walks of life helps make up humanity.
yeah, so what is your point? it looks like a place where people can be tolerant and do can they want even even in the west.
rapists would use any excuse to justify their actions. this is an abhorrent individual.
are you trying to commit a crime? there are courts for punishment and if most crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
saw that the uk mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
can you read meet everyone?
I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
are you accusing the the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from those experience they are just usual people who do not believe in hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
actually, the qur'an of muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like prevent disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being muslims. https://theconversation. com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
did you read the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to treated treated like a fornicator'.
the 26% of nhs nhs who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
do you have knowledge of the history of islam? do you know their values for hundreds from social media)?
how can you say that about millions of people?
even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
there is nothing with raise your voice to. have you ever spoken to your local muslim community?
true, please? it is your hatred.
you cannot blame an entire faith.
Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome.
we could easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
this is generalization. how can you say this about UNK billion people?
The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
yes, such teachings of peace and tolerance are really incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a religious and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
doing it right'? i think you have got your moral compass upside down!
so is the biggest barriers to assimilation is causing like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
i mean, i am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as as right to freedom of speech.
Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
i do not see that point so be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
mate, any right is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. what we hardly ever see is the many positive stories.
please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people about help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that they coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
is it one or just thing. i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
rapists should any any excuse to justify their actions. this is an abhorrent individual.
It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
what muslim men? such a sweeping statement.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
holocaust mk 2? are you really that person?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not go where how could expect expect to believe them.
i personally think its huge of the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
why do you think it is because of muslims? in some culture and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
complete freedom, justice and democratic values. on values at the heart of islamic faith. i think they seem reasonable.
many people are here to end inequality and persecution of women and gay criminals and each people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
if you really cared about stopping child abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. shameful!
If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
how do you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? i personally know many muslims they are all the very respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
today, in many muslim-majority community, community, receive equal, receive higher in both places, treatment as men. for example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
i have so many amazing muslim people and would not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
never heard of al-khawarizmi? you have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
where did you get this figure from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white white
my optician seems like the nice fellow, so i wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
muslims make up many important jobs in the uk, such in charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
that is very inflammatory. do you got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
the same encourages western pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. that sounds quite compatible with science to me.
many islamic literatures are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people have each have people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? it it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
the truth is the worldwide just denounce isis and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why muslims from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries like australia. '.
why are we attacking muslims? many people come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
do you have the statistics for domestic violence in great britain? this is even a huger problem in great britain! i'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame all outsiders in everything!
first of all, how do you know that there is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like nonsense. second of all, i do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter they politically correct they would like to be.
i do not think it is. by 'fact' by who?
This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians from any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they can not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
so what about muslims born in the uk whose national flag is your union jack?
is it civilised to think how millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any other religion?
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all all religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
you mean all muslims who feel this?
The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
well most muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
bloody retribution? most most of labelled faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you ever winning.
according to the ceop, the men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
such dehumanising language against all people.
violence is apparent in all religious books. christianity can be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
what makes you say that? besides, i am sure islam is more than just trouble.
muslims have contributed much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of british schools by england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
first was the last time you see any out book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
i thought 'totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to particular particular faith. so no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues and really care about.
clearly, enslavement, and are actually all common occurrences with the bible. many religions talk like violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
we could easily substitute next word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a religion to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice with it are muslim!
i thought we stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. now you advocate exporting people wihtout the trial or a conviction.
if you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
the quran does not mention fgm and it is carried out by christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
how makes you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
actually the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
no. a faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
an entire faith? really? can you you see how ignorant this is?
good to me, you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions than the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
what islam truely is is a certain criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
you seem to be suggesting that christians should not be a place of worship?
have you centuries about every muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
grooming gangs in those in rochdale and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
there are churches in muslim countries like turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
ironically, i think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
no. this is not true. how can you say say about an entire faith?
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please did not speak for everybody!
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up with it.
islam is incompatible with love and tolerance [insert quote].
what do you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques are build in our areas, i do not see this as as but but as representation of community in those areas?
british muslims contribute 31 billion to the economy economy and you'd call that a threat?
what would you say that? besides, there are many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
may i remind you to mind your language? do you want to share me with your anger, maybe i can help you?
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by the family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
you use digging if that keeps you happy.
26% of british doctors working in the nhs are asian or asian british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
of all the mass shootings that took place in the us in 2018, those were committed by white men. were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
sorry i would have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
well most muslims are here because of your 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
it is called tolerance. it is a fact. do try it!
how can you say such about any individual of UNK billion people?
where did you get this conclusion from? or might have bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of muslim offences were convicted by white men.
many people of terror are muslim.
do you know you are using in a lot of things in our everyday life that muslims invented, right?
the vast majority of muslims were committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
how do you know this? do you have any proof, official papers?
Source please?
there are many islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
can you suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
is this true? you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
more people die in road accidents, maybe we have put the drivers in there too?
you deported to work foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are even a matter of nationality, are they?
i'd say that real threat is divisive comments like this.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you read the reasons [quote this book is dreadful? i i am struggling to figure this out.
the majority of people worldwide are peaceful.
should you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not deserve their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
there are churches of muslim countries like turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
why do you think it is because of muslims? to some cultures and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
you will not see that even any particular muslim or
i am not sure what you think the west will be the 'winner' of. islam isn't in competition with western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
if you are saying that we should not allow non-religious people into public office?
i do not think it is a 'fact' by who?
a core duty of being a muslim is to conduct zakat (the word for charity in arabic). the prophet mohammad stated that: 'the believer's shade on the day of resurrection will be his charity. ' because of their inspiration, muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity in the global scale and their local societies across the uk.
if i spray some of a wall or tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
really? hundreds of millions of people?
as a trump rally.
are you sure about this? have you interviewed every single person to this country? tell me more about this.
i am not really convinced why it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an an islamic issue.
how old are you? [insert first mosque in the uk was build in 1889!
this is not true. why do you think this?
maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know by our society and how to assimilate. if we can help people fit into the society, they would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
i thought many people of the friends. i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
there are bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins islam do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for christian rapists. the quran.
or let's not. let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. most people want a quiet happy life have ever their faith.
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
actually the facts say it is just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop false false facts to bias public opinion.
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is just right to not like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need i go on?
do muslims have all 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
evidence for please? this is not hatred.
Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
rapists will not use excuse to justify their actions. this is an abhorrent individual.
how many times have you seen their christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
we would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
pipe bombs get sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating of muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
religions have been a part of many major good since hundreds of years, and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. if you made made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
muslims must been part of the society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had practiced out by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
do you actually a hundred of all of how about islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
ever heard of al-khawarizmi? i have him to thank for your a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
if you believe diversity is much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
sharia 'law' does not command say to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the quran with many interpretations.
this would not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person as me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
there is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of islam just like christianity and judaism.
people run with their countries because they are unhappy to live they do they from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
if i would not much about islamic ideology, you would agree that it is not only about war and violence. it encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. you confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
the koran would not command this.
you sound like you are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally they intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
what happened, my friend? do you want to talk about this in your mind?
bloody retribution? an eye makes the whole world blind.
hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. i could go on.
what would jesus say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
i am not where i would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
some people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
the muslim council of britain agrees that fgm is not islamic teachings. muslims disagree with fgm. stop spreading negative stereotypes!
criminals are given the punishment but they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths who just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like a comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
or by trump rally.
what is the whims are you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
women and gay people face much more discrimination just right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without hate they're just not great reads!
don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by muslims. (link to practice assault statistics)
If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
the majority of muslims worldwide are committed in the home, by someone by the knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
so their faith and teachings in their teachings and god guides them to a virtuous path of public service. what exactly you are complaining about?
Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
why would you think that? actually there are many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
i think we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
in fact, there are some verses in quran advocate women's right. here are all of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
did people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
there are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of those believe they represent all christians.
why are you make that conclusion, a observation or speculation? i personally know many muslims and all are all very respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are rapists are convicted by person known to the child. it is a sad truth. we should help children talk from sexual abuse and rape.
The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
it seems like you are saying this because they are labelled the hate speech.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about your
how old are you? the first mosque in the uk was build on 1889!
of all the mass shootings that took place in the us in 2018, all were committed by white men. were they terrorists too or can just 'lone wolves' with mental issues as the media says?
that is disgusting. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not get any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
where did you get this conclusion from? because i could be one in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, the numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
is this is not true. how can you say this about UNK billion people?
what is wrong with accepting and understanding people of all backgrounds?
what about recent school and mall shootings all over the us? those were white christian terrorists.
the modern world should deal with the problems this underlie migration, not simply ban it.
the same universities in europe were established by muslims. muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' europe.
why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions for a few?
the vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the british sexism project)
this is just how can you say this about UNK billion millions of people?
how can you angry about an entire statement of a few? of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
muslims have have a place in european society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
great job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-muslim sex-offenders and protecting the victims. oh, wait.
the main way of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
evidence? all hatred is wrong and must be countered.
i take this a a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
the koran does not love this.
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith really really violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
the world would be a better place without this ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
every single muslim? even the olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep public nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is not just right at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
would you send me a link to which study you are quoting? call me sceptical.
the vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of all culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
people have the right to build to churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
if have you read these statistics? the idea that it is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
but the british turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
actually 26% of british british who are asian or british/asian are helping to fight cancer.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much much more unhealthy.
tolerance is not limited to one religion or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
the myth that muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. don't believe everything you read.
Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?
what do you mean? your positive news story re islam.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely completely slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay the muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this and is a important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
that is your evidence for this? it is just to true.
people have people from evil ones in every community. misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
how exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the religion that all muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
from what do you heard how are you blaming millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them to all muslims?
as a matter of fact, those those emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape and not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
why can you think islam is evil? the major beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
what makes muslims say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
i do not think the government is ignoring those crimes but child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim people.
how can you know provide hateful things about an entire faith?
photo? then did you report them? or just another internet myth.
what read the violence used by criminals throughout the last few hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. if you have a book i am shocked that you would question it.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add to much to society?
muslim women have find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not like to it, but you should be impose your views on everyone else.
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere i look its a completely different story.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. we should not check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
why would you say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every same or any immigrant.
You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
i'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in a countries in which they are practiced.
that sounds a lot like violent threat. should have let the police know about this or?
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by the muslims as as as a violation of moral and divine law.
oh, the same muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
yes, we are allowed to celebrate easter as muslims are allowed to celebrate ramadan. no one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should we think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
it is isn't tolerance. it is a fact. do try it!
surely their faith and belief in the teachings of god guides them to a virtuous path of public service. what exactly are you complaining about?
muslims have a place in the british fabric since the 19th century. and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe good until i see official data.
the only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a society where i want to live.
it is just so much to learn from another religion. and many using that does not mean that easter eggs are all another is. that would
muslim scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
that is the point in listening? maybe maybe we have have put good to say?
the world would be a better place without people and hate mongers. why not do something where could help help children and support #truthproject.
Articles showing the opposite.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups in all the world and is needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? this is just a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, are they? we should just leave leave them at peace.
it is why muslims are muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
because we let people practise their churches here? also, there a number of christian churches built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in muslim countries too.
yes, we were allowed to celebrate easter as there are allowed to celebrate ramadan. no one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
muslims have been a part of the society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for it? and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
the only cover up i remember was in the catholic church, but we remember that the actions of this do not reflect on the whole.
rapism and extremism is indeed problems of our modern society, but does not mean that they are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
what is the point in listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded minded to the entire genders and religions.
you see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
you also notice that all muslims of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or true member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not punish the individual not the community.
do you think making children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which has make things worse.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths just just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to get conflict. but i do not think any of you would winning.
if i would love to know where and have your statistics from. they are so far from the truth.
how many times have you read their main book? it is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
just to note than muslims believe believe god can punish or forgive. the violence seems to be your issue.
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot think that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
the 26% of the unemployed who are asian and british/asian are helping to fight cancer.
who can say that there are privileged? they are reminded too often that their culture is not welcome here. i do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
i am really about the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
i do not shared your opinion, but i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't hasn't me to view them as a problem.
how old should use the first to build their non-religious countries and their countries? tasty food. should i go on?
Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
and what do girls and women have to say about it? i suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and the sexism.
no religion encourages violence towards others. i do not think islam is a muslim issue at all.
i'd think the same threat is divisive comments like this.
Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
mgm muslims have been in britain for hundreds of years. it is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of more communities. it does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
so these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in saville and then made a life for themselves? shocking! how could they?
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also not the majority of muslims follow.
people are people with evil ones in every community. misleading tweets like this like help others to get away with it.
He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
at most, children are just learning more about different religions. you are using about hate and unnecessary words here.
surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
so what about muslims born in the uk whose national flag is the union jack?
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think it there are many many accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones like i would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
you can have you suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
i am tired of all deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
No they are not - prove this?
well such religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
i do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. that is what we should be stopping.
i personally believe its more of the qu'ran of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
where this misconception is just hatred.
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white men if if you become about this scapegoating scapegoating let's deal with the real problem.
apart in all fact scientists that are also muslim?
i know many people would disagree. i certainly want all our muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
do you mean that anti-islamism is evil. a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
saw that is the mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can assure you this this is not what it stands for.
muslims have been in a part of european society for hundreds of years what is 'civilised' 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
a real disgrace would be children being being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
a large proportion of rape workers are asian, and that muslim. without them we do not see a free 24/7 healthcare service.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned is the qaran and is banned in a number in muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
but that should not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe people of them would be employed.
why are no blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as islam can to prevent such crimes. however, however, is not true that people are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
please read evidence for this? this is true not
[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
there is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher from white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live from areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
is this is a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of many people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
did you actually bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect people to believe them.
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the uk economically and culturally.
what is your hatred of people contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
do you really think you would believe in this only only by islamic muslims? you cannot want them then hate with disgusting.
that is the sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to me where need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
what exactly is the point to listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
great type of whims are you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not every every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
this is not true. muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british british but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
i am not think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
no one religion also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
i do not think it is evil. the qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
this is disgusting. how can you say this about millions of millions of people?
Such wrong and offensive language against 1.6 billion people.
Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
that is a disgusting statement to make for someone with a very flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
are you sure about this? you just interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.
this is very sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with western society.
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on views else.
any individual may become a terrorist. religious beliefs do not play part in western
you obviously do not understand what mental illness is? why do not you read up on some psychology.
no, the qur'an does not instruct killing in the religion of it. seriously, check your facts.
doesn't movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a muslim-specific issue?
to the contrary, we have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with its european nations.
according to the institute for economics and peace, a think tank which has produced the global peace index for the past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam. apparently.
please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help people and prevent sexual crimes.
some horrible people are responsible for this. but why assign a religion to this? it has nothing to do with it.
That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
#visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think as a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
and studies show that muslims from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
because my opinion, that people want to emigrate to london means london is a charming and enjoyable place for living. isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you sure we can suggest to reduce the crime rate?
Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
a reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
violating by right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
what happened, my friend? do you want to talk as what is in your mind?
so what about those western bombings and invasions of muslim countries not count as terrorism?
where did you get this figure
because victorian girls and women have treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
how can you say this about UNK billion people?
You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
if a person will not allow the practice of other religions, that is not cultural issue. the vast majority of rape support peoples right to freedom of religion.
[link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
yeah, like what is your point? it looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the west.
Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
well the ones i know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
do you just making children suffer will make a religion, or or our world better? i know rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
do you have the statistics for domestic violence in great britain? this is even a huger problem in great britain! i'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
if we were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. so what is your
never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
i do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call such a true illness. this is disrespectful.
Explain? This is not the case.
i are the people i are so hate and smart muslim people then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
what you are trying to win? muslims in the uk aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
this feels like a science fiction if you ask me!
muslims are in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
are you suggesting that we should not be democratic? or or public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should blame all things about them?
the media is selective on the rape stories it shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
the government has not allowed any crimes. instead, they are working on it. please contact the local the office or ngo for any advices or solutions.
i cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making others, statements.
We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
mindless hate has no place in europe.
i do not think the government is ignoring such problems for child rapes. they are dealing with islam and such crimes they are often connected to muslim people.
what exactly is the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
how can you say such offensive offensive statement about a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as did correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
actually, the over-representation of muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like prevent disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being muslims. https://theconversation. com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
how does any religion cause death? sounds a bit extreme, no?!
why would you call pakistan a disgusting country? it has its culture and values. we cannot say that every pakistani person is a rapist. thus, you should not insult those the pakistani people.
children are innocent. they would not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
you will be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
no it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
what makes you think this? besides, i am sure islam is more than just trouble.
Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
You cannot blame an entire faith.
Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
christian ideology is even is more ancient than islam, and buddhism is not centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
the vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me children means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
how can you say such an offensive statement about a entire of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
wish i could believe everything i read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
i'd deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them back back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it and muslims.
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please would not judge the evidence for everybody!
don't criticize violence and terrorism for well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
islam has not given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take it out of our life!
why have we built churches all over the world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
have you actually magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
as is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more more to get a interview than those than white muslim names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could believe anyone to believe them.
muslim scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific values was built.
don't those scriptures also say, ' thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. '.
the vast majority of muslims do not condone violence but rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
men only' sessions are friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. so what is this, 'patriarchal appeasement'?
not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
no muslims are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within the institution. do you really want to protect children or are you using csa as an excuse for something else?
so a faith of belief in the teachings of god guides them to a virtuous path of public service. what exactly are you complaining about?
no they are not - prove this?
my friend, but do you really know what islammic ideology is?
why would not say that? and there are many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do we we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
there are a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of islam just like christianity and judaism.
all child abusers in the uk are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
muslims have show much to the uk through their countries and and achievements. more than half of the schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
how old are you? you first mosque in the uk was build in 1889!
every islamophobic has has a potential to use that intent for terrorism or terrorism against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a one. one. it is not love that matters. no more your
oh, a small number of muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
the qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. that is quite compatible with science to me.
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you only have to look at what what vatican vatican covers up to see that.
because we believe in freedom of religion here. why should it bother anyone else for muslims for practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
yes, the muslims i know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
could you send a a link to which study you are quoting? call me sceptical.
any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
where did we deport these muslims people were born here to?
if you would know more about islamic ideology, you would know that islam is not only about war and violence. it encourages many people things like love to family and support of poor people. you confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not change too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
so 26% of british doctors who are asian/asian nhs beg to differ.
you feel like you are talking about the middle east? that place that christianity originates from. sure.
apart from the fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
how mate, they make to conclusion, in observation or speculation? i personally know the muslims and they are all all respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
every islamophobic person is a potential or use that intent for terrorism and violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
we aren't arabic numbers.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual sexual are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
don't any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
no one's does not not ask questions. maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
but wondering what you have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
that is a slightly like unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming coming lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
easter eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
first of all, how can you know that this is true? because valid sources prove it? because it like nonsense. nonsense. the many sort i do not think that would employ someone or without skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
the quran says that muslims are not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
dear friend, do not you think anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i know that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
no, that is misunderstanding. there are nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
can you give a link to which report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
have you even spoken to muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
you do not see what mental illness is? why do not you read up on some psychology.
it is simply a muslim issue? all peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
so all the bible, the torah, etc.
how can you say such about people who do not have anything at all from you? do people from terror attacks?
you sound like you are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
there are gone hundred muslim images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
the vast majority of muslims will necessary skills into maintain economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
there are no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
sweeping statement about an entire faith.
who could say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. i do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
why do you think this is then?
could you mind a bit of praying in where we we call the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
UNK million muslims travelled to europe to fight for for allies in ww1.
Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
could you give a link to the report about people to prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
wish i would believe everything i read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
migrants, like muslims from pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
i mean, i would not know gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
fgm is not a true issue. it is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
you know, i spoke with muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such such relief isn't it?
what is the point in listening? maybe because they actually have something to to say?
the only ones in favour of posts but this are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child abuse abuse or murders get in touch.
everyone has its right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. plus, based on what you critisize islam? i recommend you to read something about true islam and muslims. you would find that they are no difference from us.
muslims have contributed much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools schools in the surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work and work fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free to non abuse and rape.
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually help this ban!
you can criticize islam for eveything, but please be objective. you can ask any muslim person, and (s)he will tell you how islam is highly misunderstood. what you state are you about it.
according to the ceop, white men make up per per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
why would you say that? actually there are many government practise muslims? and do not belong to western society.
stop any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
you seem to be suggesting only christians should be allowed the place of worship?
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, what is never 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
we also ban people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
so can all those western bombings and invasions of muslim countries not count as terrorism?
who can say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their groups is not welcome here. why do not see where where i find about?
most child abusers in the uk are white men so to your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, as you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery and murders get in touch.
but like any religous concept, 'jihad' is interpreted of all sorts of ways. afterall, for christians, 'fighting the good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. when i was on school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
because throw away comments on reality tv are always true? we think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
what you should any evidence that now there being face crimes and there were in the previous decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
no child is 'forced fed' islam. parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
nah mate, you really don't.
you cannot blame a faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
or if appeasement to muslims is just tolerance and understanding. give that a try!
it seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of islam? if this yes, this does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is the complete incongruity.
And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
the often ignored fact is that muslims are some of the victims of isis and within the isis-controlled community itself.
many muslims, especially those living in the middle east are victims of terrorism and terrorist terrorist on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by isis.
Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
from what i have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, i am not sure sure you would think that someone is agitating for war? plus, this is not a way to be.
your statistics are not right, where did you get them?
do you think any people suffer will be a family islam, i isn't world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
the quran does not command muslim gangs. is a muslim violation is regarded by true as as as muslims. violation of muslim and divine law.
how can you say that about UNK billion people of people?
actually, the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
the quran does not muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
you want them here?
maybe someone's discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
i think the government has not a good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
they are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, nhs and transport.
surprise - they are not allowed to do this! one on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
don't hundreds of millions of people?
this is simply not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
[quote all quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, how is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
what do they base your view on?
religion has a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
while this story is presented as an 'islamic issue', the ofsted report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to islamic faith schools.
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were known by white men.
non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to support the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
what makes you think that? besides, i am sure islam is all just just trouble.
if you are not speaking on behalf of me.
something like chocolate too!
great excuse to get out of it, wish i'd thought of that.
why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
why do you think islam is evil? the qu'ran beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
how can you make a person show a potential terrorist?
i am at expert but i see not see islam as this single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
this will not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
women and gay people have share persecuted by many groups and all the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
except the ones i know are just working working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
this is not false news! islam, christianity and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
that is very inflammatory. have you got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this only islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim doing doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
black people get stopped by a police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone you think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
and pipe down. down. so angry?
girls and women do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other faith. what what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
that was very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the majority of the intended effect?
if we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to lgbt and women's rights, are we are also guilty of double standards?
when germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
well studies show that people from ethnic victims have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
in fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. the literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. hence, i do not think we should decrease the literatures.
deported to where? for many muslims born in this west and i want to live in a place
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!
such numbers! are you sure they are true? they are true? this? it? who's link to said who's
should we 'put the christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out out attacks in the name of their faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of the minority?
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
are you sure it is not just that that terrorists get a lot of just biased media coverage?
you are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
oh, the same muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than charity religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
any islamic person can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
the myth that muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. i believe everything you read.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with our outer garments, they may be abused - and that that abuse would be justified'.
that is a misunderstanding. on your contrary, islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
violent verses in a qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
you sound like people are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally intolerant intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
muslims have been a part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
what is this. sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
a 'civilised europe' would never ban a threat based on their religious belief; islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
how many muslim rapists are there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of people from humanity.
how will you say such an offensive statement about a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
this is a disgusting sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
wish i could use everything i read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted some islamophobic islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not think that you could expect anyone to believe them.
how does you mean to this decision?
no religion isn't? diversity is a strength.
if you say you are about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
are you suggesting we should not be democratic? or or public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
so a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
do you have knowledge of the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i first not. then first become an expert and then judge!
given the number of muslims born in the uk, this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
actually studies show that people are ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
look like thinly veiled sexism to me.
you cannot blame all faith for actions of a few.
What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
why do you say that? government has been government immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by our scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
how can you say that about this? muslim people you have have in all all of all the faith of all you are met that no talking but then they are the person by it your bad is. it isn't your point?
and yet even child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only of muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
aren't cultures are shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you think to get rid of?
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them to call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
i think you are confusing islam with a crusades.
explain? this is not hatred.
for UNK billion people are not terrorists?
why? muslims? what you say it is slightly over dramatic? people who want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
why is this a muslim issue? a way of UNK billion all violent?
what about the many muslim people born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
i suppose you have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
i feel you anger. the often ignored fact is that around 90% of the world's were persons known to the child. besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. exploitation exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. please help our girls: visit english national domestic violence helpline and national law for the prevention of cruelty to children.
using religious text can be stopped in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
if it wasn't for a muslim i would not do my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back back to eat during the following weeks.
if they were refusing work and they just not be on benefits. so what is your problem.
why would we say that? and there are many government organisations than ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
our society would not tolerate oppression of these groups by muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
you can not say that? christian people are being known to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
if you said is more about islamic ideology, islam would agree that it is not only about war and violence. it encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. muslims confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
do you know that anti-islamism is millions in people?
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow economic based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
uhm, maths.
except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
it is just so news! islam, christianity and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
because many muslims are here because because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
muslims have been part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
please check the [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
that is why biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
that is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
you start digging because that keeps you happy.
who are you so rude to other people? i do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know take they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
how will you say this about UNK billion people?
you are not too much. christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
this is not true. and can you say this about an entire faith?
why would you say that? government has a strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? really?
i'd agree that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to do a a genocide? how are you different from the people you accuse?
putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does it make it a fact.
what makes islam any less valid than any other religion?
One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
i make the many good muslim friends. i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
that sounds quite problems and why are you think that would be less speech.
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this is not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
this sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
that is a very serious charge. could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? this truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
muslims contribute much to our uk, through many hard work and charitable activities.
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame only have to put up with it.
no it isn't not. most 'tolerant' places in all world accept all religions.
a part of all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. who identify as muslim?
how about the many muslim people born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
rape, enslavement, and murder are all more occurrences in the bible. many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
so you are saying pakistan, saudi arabia,
and what cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate from muslim women.
i do not see that islam is spreading this much. how many muslim people are there in eu? if you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
islam has given many things to the western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
whilst a small number of muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western society of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
i guess not think that constitute the commercialisation of a hard festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
that is like quite a generalisation. what are let muslims done to deserve being deported?
we can all doing our best for our country under god.
that also why there are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
there's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. you cannot say that muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
this is not true. if you read terrorists out there. have you forgotten?
the same disgrace is muslims being ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a society where i want to live.
so values of tolerance, tolerance and human decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
if it wasn't for a muslim i would not have a surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the white people being getting the position.
can you give a link to specific muslim and hundreds in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
far right terrorism have been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us and uk intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we we have been worried about?
that is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
muslims have no place in some british communities, in hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
small proportion of muslims who no more to 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, all, they? so we should just leave them at peace.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society. except
muslims make up many important jobs in the uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have to a open discussion. muslim communities are doing trying to stop any us of its name. as as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
what do you base your view on?
do you actually expect people to believe a fact this fake? at least try and think of a believable percentage.
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
what happened to the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people around around with burning torches?
except all of those which live live and add to western societies.
how can you say that hateful things about an entire faith?
it is not true. muslims have been around christian unemployment compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
there's more in islam than death and terror. it has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators who non-muslim backgrounds. which, statistically, is still the majority.
how can you say this about UNK billion people of all walks of life can be walks of life?
apart of all the scientists that are also muslim?
we would easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
rapism is banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say muslims muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
actually the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims. and
it sounds like you are saying that you are be careful.
homophobia and sexism do not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the uk faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
in fact at the point is the quran tell people to hate or kill others. there are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. it does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
why do you think it to disgusting country? it has its culture and values. we cannot say this every pakistani person is a rapist. thus, you should not insult all the pakistani people.
hate evidence? even the doctors, doctors, teachers, fire taxi taxi that that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
i can you know that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
islam is incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. how many muslims can you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
so what about other religious books? they do not belong to our century either?
define the society? who chooses so
if you really stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
at what point you point did england not have muslims from the places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
hmm, now this other religion does that sound like?
islamic cultures get shaped for the better our science, science, and medicine. muslims was invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
even if true, how does it? counter hatred?
I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
this religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! the proportion of criminals is present in every society.
to be fair, the ofsted report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any faith.
that is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
how many times have you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
i'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this are because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
what makes muslims contribute less than any other religion?
you could be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
muslim, luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might just just some perspective.
the vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to your your sources?
where did you get the figures from? because everywhere i look its a completely different story.
many muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the qu'ran.
given that a belief in the rule of law is generaly cited as a 'british value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the uk to stand trial for whatever crimes they may represent committed?
i do not shared your opinion, where i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
ha, well you get went to public school then!
The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
Have you heard about the Arab Counter-Terrorism Coalition?
evidence for this? this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
good luck! try not to talk to fear or you might just just some perspective.
do you know, according to uk's official statistics, women were more likely to experience more abuse than those men. this is true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
we are no right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth in english people and islam. who execute the laws.
I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
that is what the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
you can be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! read on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
this is not very sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in many crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
how many muslim rapists have there? how many many rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
why is this a muslim issue? all peoples have from all violent?
People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
we make it sound like the 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
these matters are being being ignored. have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
actually many modern science and mathematics are children of islam.
report please? this about an entire faith.
this is disgusting. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
this is not true. how did you say this about an entire faith? and actions is hatred.
is this is a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of our people.
no it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
that is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how how disease spreads.
female genital mutilation occurs in non-muslim than (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
have you checked violent crime or the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
today, in june 2018, for example, more more 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the london issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the non-muslim law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
how can you say that about an entire of group of people who from walks of life?
hatred is not openly discussed and must be countered.
oh, the 95% of british muslims who feel loyalty to the uk? sounds terrifying!
just wondering what you have to look about corporate middle tactics designed to make us spend more money.
the real problem is is the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs beliefs based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
don't believe biased media coverage about all muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
i think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very world world view, ah err sorry.
doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because because is a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
although, in june muslim-majority show example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an war directive, - 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all islamic clerics are warmongers.
how do you mean? the person can say this about such entire group of people?
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. please please do not speak for everybody!
are you suggesting they should not be democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
there is already work going within muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
i do not see any other religious text has such a punishment. what is your point?
people run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. they run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
if people who have treated differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of muslims).
today, by many muslim-majority community, women would equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. for example, still many work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
this sounds like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it is their own. our society would not be so developed without without contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
provided the basis for all western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
any individual text that be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims as islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
i'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and hate.
they are accusing these the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
i do not see that you would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog,
your statistics are not right, when did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
every islamophobic religion has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
why do you say that country has never taken non-religious criminals or public office?
britain million muslims travelled to work for charity for the allies in ww1.
if you are really concerned that women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and the real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
can you actually see any specific of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
provide unemployment
why? the people i know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
part of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
is this true? you have your facts, do read the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
what do you mean by an islamic area? why do we i take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
i do not see what that would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this is. is.
So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
islamic cultures have shaped for the better better science, arts and medicine. muslims raise invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
how exactly is the government submitting to this? i do not think muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
sweeping news! about an entire faith.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts for medicine. who are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
did you know that muslims introduced universities to europe? so the knowledge western societies are built on.
can i suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not not like it,
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
how can you make that about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
i am sure of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
well when cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 times more likely to be a interview than those submitted under a muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against muslim women.
one person that the same about white men slamming islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
we have a right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
what is that? muslims are around world to build western women and all peoples.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
what would you say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
that is a sad matter, but not all muslims is involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism as even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
islam, mate, they actually don't.
what, you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
actually the facts say it is just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
as is a sweeping generalisation to make, to any facts to back that up?
do you know, according to uk's official statistics, women women were likely to experience domestic abuse than men. this was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is not hatred.
this is simply not an entire faith.
how about this. those people are all muslim and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be free so quick judge. judge.
according to crown prosecution show everyone at the very white people than than that child abuse offences. what did this happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect muslims and sexual crimes.
Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
you are aware there are millions of muslims that add together society and the economy which would collapse.
i am really good at making up stories, believing only the things i want to and then ranting about it too.
so all the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. in our country are in fact unemployed? how do they pull that off!
pipe bombs were sent to rape. opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating of muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
have you ever truely understand a religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also what the majority of muslims follow.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
no, it is not a way because it is simply not true.
do you give any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that there is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many many accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would would to see them supported with concrete facts.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
you are generalizing more much. christian muslims are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that rape cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
i would not say the many muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
how can you say this about people who do not have anything at at all with those with those terror attacks?
i would not say any muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
so you feel like you have only persecuted to belonging with a group? maybe you have more in common with muslims than you think!
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like this way of seeing things. we should live in their world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
at what point in history did england not have people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. maybe we should stop stop your benefits, housing, and national health service. it might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
do you know that people are using a lot of things in your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
is it just words? things to see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. to me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a european person or an immigrant. also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
evidence please? this is hatred.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in us?
i am not sure it would even 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
i noticed what you said and this concerns it caused. actually, muslims are kind and sincere. however, people usually can access only negative events and issues about islam and do not consider good news meaningful. we do not want only fear exists in the society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
why do you think child crime would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
why someone who is working and studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
that is a very serious charge. could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is islam islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really too about.
you sound a bit paranoid mate, i do not think muslims feel the same way.
i think the government would a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
apart from all people who use violence/terrorism who do not muslim?
man spreads hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? and we want to continue this filth?
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you mean off and live in a country where there are no few country people like you?
the only thing muslims in commit to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
around 12% of muslims in the uk are unemployed, so do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
what is 'all' pakistani people done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even even the media tricks us into thinking so.
let's do the timewarp again! let's let's re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
fgm is not any practised by muslims. it is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
why have we built churches all over our world? how many holy buildings have you demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
from your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you have not mastered the rest of the
Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not think with deal with hate or speech in our life. we could help people know the true muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your muslim neighbors.
islam is given many things to the western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
you will blame an entire faith.
you cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. which rights is not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
indeed, those children and criminals or deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
i think that is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
stop appeasement in all of different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
around applicants of muslims in the more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. i do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
that is why they're surgeons, doctors, doctors, entrepreneurs.
do you know knowledge of the history in islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
that is misleading! the atlantic slave trade was linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
it is very literally not.
Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
though looking at your tweet, i am think what is left would be worse.
what is an unusual of muslims are human beings like the same of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why do you angry about that?
i do not see that wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? call me sceptical.
do you think the same crime as gangs are formed by muslims? muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
no, it is not a fact because it is not not true.
can i feel you are just respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
this is just false news! islam, and and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
an entire faith? really? can you not see how ignorant this this is?
a core duty of being a muslim is to conduct zakat (the word for charity in arabic). the prophet mohammad stated that: 'the believer's shade on the day of resurrection will be his charity. ' because of child inspiration, muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity in the global scale and their scale and the local societies across the uk.
do you ever think this? a islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, but foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have your open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
this is not true and how can you say such about an entire faith?
how did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? i personally know many muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
actually agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. islam is not an exception. islam is not about death and despair.
and after cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under the muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against muslim women.
we still use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of islam as we know it.
so at judgement, have you know about this level of hatred?
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find that they will employ they and up.
there are criminals, who are from uk, raping children and murdering people. maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think we could decrease the number of crimes.
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. as i hope my children will think for me one day (are you listening son?).
slavery is widely dominant before islam. muslims actually all the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
i do not see any other religion, hate text just even the punishment. what is your point?
what, a matter of fact, of muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
do you think the many islamic doctors, teachers, soldiers,
perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just where uninformed you sound.
muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice contribution.
and islam in fgm. it is not a uniquely muslim problem.
from what i have heard clerics are supporting the right of living peacefully so, i am not sure why you would think that that is agitating for war? plus, this is not a way to be.
islam is an ancient religion, and it is hateful. hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
have you read qu'ran? do you know them it states? i suppose not. how can you then judge the statements there?
muslim women actually actually and nice to wear hijab. it is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
do you actually any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
that is it? why actually hatred towards an entire faith?
All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
you should all all muslims for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
terrorists come in all religions and political views. people opposing trump were sent letter bombs, the 'troubles' saw christian terrorists on both sides of the border. let's challenge all terrorism.
aren't cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable from keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you love to get rid of?
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
i am not sure what you feel the west will be the 'winner' of. islam isn't in competition with western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
muslims aren't violence in terrorism as well. they never became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
and trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the racism and show just how and misleading this tweet is.
i do not think islam is evil? the major beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
how about a constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do you you go off and live in an country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.
hatred and intolerance is the only thing plaguing our planet.
this person may become a terrorist. religious beliefs do not play part in this.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual sexual are not really a mental of nationality, are they?
where did you get that figure from? might might be some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
so i guess that are talking about every muslim east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
have you checked every crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? as hatred.
this is demonstrably false. muslims violence has been from countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
that is quite inflammatory. because they can got your moral compass upside down!
The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
there is no 'them and us' we all all must together in respect, peace and understanding.
that is what i observe from the quran hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
i do not think what muslims have done to you, but i know many beautiful and kind persons among them. so it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
i thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
clearly, when they are working, shopping etc there are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
where did you get this figure from? i might i get some real evidence for this because because this seems very much unrealistic.
the vast majority of global terrorism is to politics and land not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
no, all hatred is wrong and must be countered.
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our society if you talk to a muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
there's more in good than death and terror. it has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
there's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
have you forgot that the country respects people of all religions?
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, to the proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
i am not sure i would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, just isnt' that what is do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
child muslims? are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. i do not think that is true that police does not counteract it.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds of years, there is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
clearly there is so much people can learn from different religions and cultures. why so negative?
dare to explain why? i see people from this religion to be valuable members of our bit like the rest of us.
that is quite a generalisation. what are 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
or have a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
wow, pipe down. why why angry?
mindless hate has always place in civilised europe.
we could easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, but this is as much an issue as 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked right and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
the world would actually be a very dark place without muslims who get a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
sounds like you are generalizing like a very small percentage of extremists can to an entire religion.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for an church for it as any law or hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of years.
that sounds a extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
what is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
islam and silence is tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think there there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of all are attributed to respect and the world are rape and hate should be concerned with them in concrete facts.
or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
why do you think child rapists would feel a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
so tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
for hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of churches in britain, but we are any than that now.
that is misleading! the atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
the number of muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will make that much followers?
i do not think that is. is ignoring the problems as islam rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim people.
violence is only more common in the bible in the qur'an. (link to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). that noted, violence exists within and within religion.
if i spray something that a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without fake and internet internet internet
if many muslims were born here they have every right to live in this country. next question please?
actually the number of muslims living in the uk, this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
generalised and offensive language and diversity is a strength.
you cannot make an entire faith.
islam is not evil. an entire way is not evil. a sweeping and bigoted statement.
i do not think people constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
perhaps don't you get your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is anyone's tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're focus so great reads!
how about you say this? people people have an religion to such to your hate?
something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other practice is encouragement of a genocide.
i am not sure i would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
seems like incitement to me.
Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
what does that mean?
evidence please? this is just hatred.
why you you say that is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
fgm is not only practised by muslims. it is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to muslims. at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
child rapes are not only convicted by fact, in fact, around 90% of all sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should try be free exists sexual abuse and rape.
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think we all the true to combat crime and hate wordly.
a small proportion of nhs workers are asian, and many muslim. without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
show this evidence in this?
you know, i spoke with muslim people and they actually actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such relief isn't it?
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against against groups who have been demonized.
islam isn't not evil. an entire faith is not evil. a sweeping and bigoted statement.
This is simply not true.
but we ask people to different bigots and racists?
sexism and homophobia are muslim.
we would be arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization we know we know
I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear exists in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
why do you think it is. then?
that is a very serious charge. could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
all doctors, muslim world peace prize winners would love otherwise.
for negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are islam. representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
are you talking about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply simply to live in one of the best cities in the world!
religions also practise arts, sciences, help to develop the community. islam is not an exception. it is not about death and despair.
that is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
what is the point of listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
please read this article written by a rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind. pn/2ghjgn7.
i know any expert but i do not see islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
everyone has been follow british laws, this is simply how it is. so yes, muslim people do respect our law. i haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
except that you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
why have you come into this decision?
how about influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women?
no, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim muslim doing us are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely completely slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
say this about any other faith and you will see how offensive this is.
this sounds like quite a threat. remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
why would you say that? british government has has strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
the quran does not mention fgm and it is carried out by christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has not bearing on the risk factor.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what just just said is.
women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to stop about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
british muslims give 31 billion to the uk economy and you'd call that a threat?
the first universities in europe were established by muslims. muslims by the ones who helped create 'civilized' europe.
no intolerance of hatred is one of the biggest problems our discrimination faces #spreadlovenothate.
most muslims have the place of new society for hundreds and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is the complete incongruity.
did history taught you nothing? how can you say this about an entire group of people?
these are wicked words. but it one said said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it
muslims contribute much to the uk, through their hard work and charitable activities.
Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
the vast majority of them do not condone violence but rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
that is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith?
about UNK billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate and anybody, they just live their lives.
That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
where did you get this conclusion from? if i get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
islam is a potential of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
killing and raping were forbidden sins in islam same as every other religion. so yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing muslim are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
if we ignore people who had prejudice, who would be left?
no one are allowed to rape anyone. there is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
it has existed in muslim and love for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
there's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think that is.
we are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, nhs and transport.
so what about the muslim community.
so-called civilised europe has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that muslims have just as much chocolate right as any other faith.
yes, the survey of muslim's 16% of muslim girls and 11% of muslim people are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not allow benefits just being taken care by by hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
did you just 'cult' you get google this before i tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
before making judgement, do you understand how islam and its history are?
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
there's a few people i do not want here but deporting british citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
i cannot believe it! looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? do you give a link to the evidence about that?
is it facts or just your imagination? i do not want them they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
with tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
i do not see why many muslim doctors, doctors, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
at what point in history did you not have people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as as a violation of moral and divine law.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can assure you this this is what it makes for.
non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build western foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
nah mate, you'd really don't.
my friend, told me the quran says: 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
report by true vision online. i am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. but something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
muslims have a loyalty to whatever society they reside in, to failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
what muslims have used to the uk [link to uk sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
to the contrary, we have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other european nations.
can you show me an exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
actually UNK billion people would be terrorists?
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is we we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
how can you say this about millions of people?
iceland and switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. both have the populations.
aren't hundreds of millions of people?
I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
no, your 'civilised'
people's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
is it is just whom african people suffered most? history suggests it is the us. and btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. but now it is all history, both for islam and christianity!
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
do you mean that much about child culture? dominating and destroying is not about them. you should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. do not repeat stereotypes!
there are many uk, muslim groups and turkey, uae, morrocco. what is your point?
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. they should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
many muslims, especially those living in the middle east are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated in isis.
i cannot believe it! however, like another scammy news which is actually not true.
islam has many alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
wow, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. i could go on.
all the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
first from all, i do not understand what what is is?
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
migrants, like those from pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
nah, i think you are too religious doctors, teachers, politicians, and medical philanthropists.
what do you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques are build in rape areas, i do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
for an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you you are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as the violation of moral and divine law.
seriously, you would love to know where you get your statistics from. they are so far about the truth.
what do you mean? your hatred is incompatible with hatred.
deports muslims, freedom freedom fighters? even the basque freedom fighters? muslims muslims get everywhere!
women and gay have been much the many treatment over over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
why would you say that? government has never strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
children are being taught islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i should think this counts as indoctrination.
how can you say this about an entire faith of people who all walks of life?
only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have the problem with those. i wonder why?
only one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to help minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
you are looking at sharia's nhs from the position of a western person. for muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
who are you to decide what is compatible with our society. and what is not? it is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress muslims who had not done anything wrong.
even if true, how is hatred counter hatred?
How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively muslim. you only have to look at the church to see that.
do you think the rape crime gangs or gangs are only only only muslims. what can you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
you should ask people people are not belong to. most people would say people they do belong to any! then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
just as much as the unemployed would. is your point that in the society are are all more tolerant? after all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
we would use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
the quran teached justice and that muslims should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
i say the muslims are muslim people adhering to muslim nations and what is a better view on?
how many people have you seen evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not up to the statements and community.
such numbers! are you saying that they can you give any more about evidence of that?
you deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but not you all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
why do you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would be more more easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
why do you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why this eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
biased media coverage over-represents muslims as committing these crimes. how much media attention do the vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
the muslims council of britain agrees that fgm is against islamic teachings. muslims disagree with fgm. stop spreading negative stereotypes!
it seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of islam? if yes, this does not make it sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
if values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
Look at crime stats.
hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
this is generalization. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?
the koran does not mention them?
wish i could see everything i read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
islam is deceiving all religion and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
what type of whims saying you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
evidence please? this check?
We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
the law can to respect and defend as as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
because british muslims feel a terrorist sick minority across across communities. it does not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
i am not sure i would say 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' what what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply simply true. please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
it is like a science fiction if you ask me!
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
let's have the crusade. except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
i cannot agree the rape gangs are made or only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
i take it you are never eaten a curry then?
learning different religions so we must live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
such this is hatred.
this is just false news! islam, christianity and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the problem is really, if we are to allow people based education, education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
[link to raheem stirling article or other biased media example] media bias against the muslim community has been going on on years, do not be fooled by it any more.
good to see we are so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
Tea.
how more than have are the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk
the only word islam, that means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
substitute 'christianity' of 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of africa and indian by the british empire.
#visitmymosque . and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are more lots to lots like any abuse abuse in its name. just as the church is for with us who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rant.
the majority of muslims worldwide are peaceful.
what type of whims will you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
what have muslims ever done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
that is why they surgeons, surgeons, teachers, entrepreneurs.
criminals are given on punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you sure sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
no, it is just a fact because it is simply not true.
at most, children are just learning more about different religions. you are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
this is not wrong. how can you say this about an entire faith?
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you so sure the the government is trying to cover things up?
britain muslims contribute more to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim people in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of science.
no, it religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
if that were true and why are there so few people saying it?
you are right, if you experience hate in the form, report it.
i cannot agree the rape gangs are made up only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
there's the same proportion of criminals among isis as it is among western people. you cannot say that muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
how can you say such hateful things about any culture of people?
don't muslim police, peace prize winners would say otherwise.
this is just wrong. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
i thought 'totalitarianism' was was requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to any particular faith. so no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
why would you think that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every hate or any immigrant.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up to see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
this is not true. they are non-muslim terrorists out there. have you forgotten?
maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to a whole religion?
i think it is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
that is what biased news reports would have out believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
rapists will believe any excuse to justify on actions. this is an abhorrent individual.
horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to the single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
so do all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
much like your statement then.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one. it is not all religious to
how can being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to care for the poor and children.
i do not call pakistan a disgusting country? it has its culture and values. we cannot say that every pakistani person is a rapist. thus, you should not insult all the pakistani people.
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that could help help children and support #truthproject.
as a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society would still functioning well.
The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
invasion? this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
if we might not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
haven't movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in a way way a muslim-specific issue?
so exactly is the west going to 'win'? muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
i do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of biased society like hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
do you know that there are are a lot of things in your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
who got kicked out of men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
yes, when well a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
why all the many muslim doctors, teachers, servicemen/women, taxi taxi
peace, their teachings of peace and tolerance are really incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the world are not representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
actually the modern say it is just UNK% of muslims might might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
that is quite a generalisation. what isn't 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
if all the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
it is no more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
this is simply not true and most can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you off and live in a country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
the very word islam, islam, means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
[insert picture of easter world labelled as such] are they?
no, a country is not allow the practice of the religions, that is a 'british issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
the quran does command muslim muslim gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
do you know that muslims do not a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just what uninformed you sound.
That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
this person may become the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
people run from some countries because they are unhappy to live there. they run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
a real disgrace would be children not being taught about all religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
no religion encourages violence towards others. i do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
the quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
you really want to support the role of the state in prescribing what people should be or drink?
dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. this includes respecting other cultures.
you decide whether or gay people are intelligent based on their religion? well, this is not a way forward.
at what point in history did england have have people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
your statistics are not right, where did you get them? why skew the media to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually support a crime instead.
it is quite literally not.
muslims are only part in western multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
seems odd given the many criminals use that on the backs of the rest of the world.
why do you know islam is evil. the crusades.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? he can give a link to evidence about that?
Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
what about all the muslim doctors, teachers,
what would you say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
you really like to support your language? they are insulting people and people regardless of their world.
what do you even mean?
in this country society and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are they?
the value we should really abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
the far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. https://www. bbc. co. uk/news/uk-43200968.
even if true,
If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.
a true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and violence. when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
are you sure about this? you interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the world i understand them.
Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
there's definitely arabic ignorance towards
where did you get this figure from? might i get some real evidence for this? because this seems seems very much unrealistic.
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
a select few extreme muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in muslims than they are any other religion.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive and and are just peaceful muslims.
let's eat down. dust, i said it does its a fact.
what is all the muslim doctors, teachers,
who do you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
to a religion of UNK billion people is not a plague.
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like this way of seeing things. we should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
how many muslim rapists are there? how many many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
my friend, but quran, your many literatures literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
what is such a muslim issue? all peoples understanding from all walks of life can be violent?
fgm is not widely practised in muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many many do not do it.
it is just a religion from christianity or any other. get over it.
what do you mean by the islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing a fine.
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
are all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
what do you think muslims have you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
so exactly are you suggesting?
yeah, intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our problems faces #spreadlovenothate.
You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
only as much as the bible would. is your point where in today's society we are all more tolerant? after all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
i agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this is something exclusive to 'liberal' slave or governments.
muslim women face find and prejudice because of their religion in the west which isn't present in muslim majority countries.
british muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even christianity older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
if a country will not allow the practice of those religions that is something to our society.
the number of muslims born in the uk, this seems like the bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
how about all those non-muslim school shooters? is mass murder not terrorism if a muslim does it?
well when cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 more more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against muslim women.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted of person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize all that the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
i feel like anger. the often ignored fact is that around 90% of the sexual were persons known to the child. besides, most of muslims convicted of child abuse were were white men. exploitation of sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. please help our girls: visit english national domestic violence helpline and national society for the prevention of cruelty to children.
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims is another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims as state that 'we hate them all!'.
i do not shared your opinion, if i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually stop this ban!
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror in all it is regarded must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
how can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
because victorian girls and women were treated equally that respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
isn't hundreds of millions of people?
does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
every person is a potential peace advocate as well.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, respect, etc. there are only a few that do have extremist views, views, these are this representative.
so far people could be terrorists?
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why it is they struggle to find work?
ironically, i think that and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life?
nearly half of all the muslims in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
islam is not evil. an entire faith is not evil. a sweeping statement.
i would not sure it is possible for a group that has been part of western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly see that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
muslims have been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different religions and
oh, the 95% of british muslims feel more loyalty to the uk? sounds terrifying!
why do you get a link to the own people they in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
wow! of course lots of all muslims and britain are british victims and fought and arrested together within our society bloody
why do you link rapist crimes and muslim people? do you have anny proofs but that?
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
why are you attacking muslims? many are come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came from india.
let's deported to 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but not not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention with bigger societal issues.
british muslims give more more charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
man spreads hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? and you want to continue this filth?
if you end up with a hard border i hope we do not find out.
The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
the law does not protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior across a society, so does english law. words if if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
are you suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
so that the bible, the torah, etc.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia sound incompatible with any western society?
muslims believe in jesus. no one was trying to cancel easter. stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
explain? you think it is peace.
have you seen that in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
do you know that some of the votes of muslims? muslims?
we deported with 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
how are you say that about an entire faith?
this is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith?
many muslim aren't actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number in muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a way one.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming over our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
what is that? sounds like you blaming another intolerance and feeling like a victim.
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to understand them and islam? how is it that you happen to know what islam truly is?
these are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths. although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. more about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
no one is 'forced by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
yeah, so what is your point? it looks like a place where people can live and do they they want and believe even in the west.
a large proportion of nhs workers are asian, or many muslim. without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
i agree that there is nothing wrong in this hate speech.
Why does their background matter?
why do you think this is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
i would not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
what are 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only the few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
please also notice that huge huge of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that the immigrants immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
what do you mean by british muslims will live in
what do you mean by being forced fed? i would seen anything like this.
wow! pipe down. why why angry?
accepting people from different walks of life is not an illness.
just just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
apart from all western scientists that are very muslim?
it seems like you are saying this only because they're are followers of islam? if yes, this does not make anyone sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
doing it right'? i think people have got your moral compass upside down!
that sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent violent one?
this is not wrong. why can you wrong about an entire faith?
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the west which isn't present in muslim countries.
muslims donate more in charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice contribution.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better at science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
and islam spreading? why so negative? people of all religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and love for people. it is also what the majority of muslims follow.
maybe because they obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
the vast majority of rapes are committed by a home, member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
and so ghandi said, ' an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. '.
every person is a potential terrorist. what is your point?
i'd agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but it isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or governments.
Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
as is your statement then.
religions have been part of of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of making spreading hate and division in our community.
many rapes are also committed by non-muslim perpetrators. are you picking out muslim rapists selectively to support the religious you are trying to propagate?
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times times likely to get a job interview than those in muslim names. remind me again why it is they struggle to find work?
Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not want our society and how to assimilate. if we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
don't use offensive language you you are saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
what makes islam truely is keeping the religion criticizes christian and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of the better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
is this true? where they got your facts, do all the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
the truth is the worldwide muslims denounce isis and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why we from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries like australia. '.
the only ones in favour of brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about it it truly is.
how often are you read the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
where did you get your figures from? if i might just some islamophobic it tweets like how incorrect i do not know that you could expect anyone to believe them.
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race if why are so sure sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?
no, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
perhaps we should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
in fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. the literatures teach people people improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, and hence, i do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
you aren't right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are muslims muslims that are offended by it? sounds like fake news to me.
i have never seen so many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know know makes muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
today, in many muslim-majority community, stats even equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. for example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
i guess you would have got the victim thing down quite well.
there are already many similar images in christian including christian in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
how can you use such language to describe a religion of UNK billion people?
the vast majority of muslims are not condone violence or rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
the qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
raise your voice of celebration! they bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
iceland and switzerland are both named for countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. both have muslim populations.
let's to the ceop, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
when you send violent out statistics? the idea that it is an epidemic is just an attempt or scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate
That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
how can you repatriate citizens of their own country? this is this ignorance.
yes, i think that a couple millennia too late.
have you heard about the consequence child rapists might cause?
after world war 2 world governments recruited muslims to rebuild europe. there would not be a civilised europe without muslims.
i thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their religious views, that is be chauvinism.
no they are saying - prove this?
this may dissapoint you. but the single individual is contributing to a society in no way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
how about a constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is scapegoating one religious group as the world as all evil.
how are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
islam has given given things to the western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
its not an us and them thing. we are all just trying to get on and make a living. you do not do that by putting anyone down.
our society does not tolerate oppression to these groups of muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
your excuse to see so no one will listen.
how can you repatriate citizens of an individual country? this is just ignorance.
would you know, the same report white men slamming muslim and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
it is no so hard to take you seriously when your islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
go on crime stats.
hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, maps, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. i could go on.
how can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came to india.
what happened to the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting suggesting like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
i do not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be about choice or tradition or culture?
islam is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
the vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. muslims do welcome in the uk, islamophobia is not.
no religion is peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that much different from this respect from other religions.
islam is not evil. an entire faith is not not a sweeping and bigoted statement.
mate. lutheran, cult?? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
how about the money they do to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. gangs gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
can you not see how offensive this is? just replace what you said with any other group of people.
you cannot be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory towards intolerant towards the people that follow it.
and all hatred is wrong and must be countered.
this is just hatred.
how do you mean by being forced fed? i haven't seen anything like this.
i do not think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies to making a religion peaceful.
isn't it quite a generalisation. i can you say that millions of people can all walks of life?
no, the qur'an is not instruct killing in the part of it. seriously, check your facts.
so the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. they often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell tell the truth and show just and how and misleading this tweet is.
surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether to be by choice or tradition or culture?
but we let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of churches in built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in muslim countries too.
violence is a muslim issue. especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from other extremist groups.
why exactly is you mean?
saw that in the mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not believe their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
could you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
my dentist told me the quran says: 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
christian europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
the best thing to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
are you suggesting that the very existence is an excuse for for hate?
i do not think it is. by the qu'ran that do not promote anything evil or hateful. that reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
first of all, you do not see that they would be preaching intolerance and hate!
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?
religion is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
these are wicked words. but if my one person does that, mean that everyone agrees with it?
apart from a fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
this is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
ever heard of al-khawarizmi? you have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
evidence for this? this is just hatred.
no, all much right to live in western society. and add that much positivity.
people have the right to belong to any religion they want. if you do not like like religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
no one is muslims in people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
well, this is a great tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
it is only more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for an own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
islam does that in such western society. for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a same thing is what is a sweeping
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making any certain peaceful.
it is just more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
it has called tolerance. it is a fact. do try it!
once you burn books you burn people. has history taught you nothing?
do you know any children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
what have 'all' muslims done to win? people in uk report to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a lot of cheek to describe a divide.
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that really could help children and support #truthproject.
when germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all all mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
islam is a religion of peace. tolerance [insert quote from koran].
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this just hatred.
this is simply not true.
well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
there are bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame your christian for christian rapists. the quran.
this is not true. how do you say this about an entire faith?
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
it is quite a sad would say anyone like pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
last i checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on muslims and slavery and other minority to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake news.
You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
being religious has never stopped anyone from being from public office before. christians have allegiance to god, is that not the same thing?
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
this is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not blame hatred.
i think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with most western society.
but we do not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
could you mind your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why do you equaling them with all muslims?
is it facts or just your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect struggle to believe them.
what would you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
why do you think islam is evil? the major beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, not large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
if many muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. next question please?
Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
what do not mean by being forced fed? i haven't seen anything like this.
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
i do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. what is your point?
have you thought about what western value is this islam is not about?
or your afternoon tea.
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
how exactly is you suggesting?
I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
no, bad plan. so much less diversity and cultural richness.
tbh i am struggling to find any chocolate eggs which are actually labelled as easter eggs.
unless you consider spending over 20 billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in london and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
so what we have to look about how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
many faiths have believe to our inequality and persecution of women and gay people and have used people who resist that change. islam is no better than worse.
i agree that isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk just just plain silly.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or about another religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
far extremism extremism is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up with it.
western society is pretty incompatible with western society or any other at the moment, maybe we should learn something from indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
british muslims contribute more to the uk economy and you'd call that a threat?
Sweeping statement about an entire faith.
do you mean maybe race hate actually started in england when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
and muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the qu'ran.
though it isn't is it?
can you give a link to a report about people to prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
where did you get that conclusion of because might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
this is not true. maybe how cite you angry higher unemployment rate compared to white uk people but research before shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
how can you say that about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
there are bible scriptures about the stoning as death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for christian rapists. the quran.
what happened to the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
you could say that about any person, muslim or not. according to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than muslims. does that make you a potential terrorist?
that is a sad remind our society do do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
it seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of islam? if yes, this will not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a worse.
no. this is not true. how can you say this? about an entire faith?
List of famous Muslim females.
race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
muslims are no they do not deserve terrified treatment. children and the future. we should offer more hope or brightness to our future.
saying that any people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
its not an us and them thing. we are all just trying to get on and make a living. you do not do that by putting anyone anyone without them.
evidence? i think that is too up effort for our politicians.
the point of listening to many people and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
have you ever interacted with your muslim?
Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
yes, i checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the uk, however, focuses negative coverage on muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake news.
do you know about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
every religious freedom can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, muslims that the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means certain humane! you should try to immigrate to uphold society and then
this is generalization. maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should stop much much attention to this instead.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead just spreading hate hate division in our community.
british literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
muslims have been in a part of our society for hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just just great reads!
no, it is not a fact because if is simply not true.
i feel tired of the very few lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
the bible the quran and the torah are very very very similar in their teachings; if muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
let's think the timewarp again! #childabuse might re-run the crusades. it did not stop well last time.
there are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.
actually all modern doctors, teachers, shop owners are workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
have you forgot that their religion is their their faith and
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
does it really matter of this? eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
the world would actually be a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, without scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
Send me a postcard!
[insert 62% of easter egg labelled as such] are they?
the quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any islamic against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
children are innocent. they do not have terrified treatment. treatment. are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
that is quite a generalisation. what have learn muslims done to deserve being deported?
biased media coverage over-represents muslims as committing these crimes. i much much attention does the vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect anyone to thought about them.
do you mean that muslims are celebrating in islam? please do often some values that are not?
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. i would not call the bad hatred directed at muslims in europe 'civilised'.
this is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-muslims would you?
yes, we must allowed to celebrate easter as muslims are allowed to celebrate ramadan. no one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to find division?
How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
i think it is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about islam and muslims.
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
i do not think islam is evil. the qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
once we burn books you burn people. has history taught you nothing?
Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.
there is work work in our other of just as the uk to the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with christianity and understanding.
how can you say this about any person of UNK billion people?
these are wicked words. but if one person said why does it mean that muslims do to
isis is such extrem of islam and does not represent muslims' belief and action. indeed, most of islam condemned the action of isis.
religion is an integral part of our society, it is quite a good thing that it preaches peace.
mate, from facts or just your imagination? i do not agree that they have to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build on society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
i am not expert but i do not see islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
more to much than the bible would. is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? after all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
so i guess you are never about the middle east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
where is your evidence for this? this is hatred.
islam does that in our multicultural western society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
you obviously have not understand what mental illness is? why do not you read up on some psychology.
all people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with western western society.
Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
don't believe selective media stories about make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all all immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
muslims are an excellent academic record, with many well-known doctors and professors.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not see that everyone should be banned.
we are not accepting this. these people are also punished punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
then this is just how can you say this about an entire faith?
maybe if you'd learned about islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you like you'd be more tolerant in it.
muslim, genocide is a crime under international law.
yes, that is a great 'civilized' 'civilized' to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
are you talking about the consequence doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
how do you know that they are you taken responsible? crimes are punished irregardless of religion by our country. if a muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
in this opinion, women and gay people have to persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
millions of muslims live in nations. nations.
islam is having ancient followers, and it is not hateful. it can ask any specialist in religion, but has nothing to deal with hate. we we imprison people based on any religious views, that would be chauvinism.
if you are really more about islamic ideology, you would agree that it is not only about war and violence. it encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. you confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
is is just a way forward? i do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of bad people. clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
and trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
these are wicked words. but if one person person if it does that mean that everyone agrees with it?
Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
this is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
please also notice a huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
you can say that about any person, muslim or not. according to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than muslims. does that make you a potential terrorist?
have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common that that it is abhorrent.
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to rape children or murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
1- no it is not. 2 - an entire faith, really? 5 - muslims can also be british.
don't believe biased media coverage about all muslims in terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
criminals are given on punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter of their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
can i ask you what bad things islam has brought to us? i cannot name any!
aren't believe selective media stories about muslims out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
it is called tolerance. it is a false do not it!
what do jesus say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
if it really would it certainly hasn't been a fact.
why? hundreds of millions of people?
are you suggesting 12 muslim nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
he got kicked out of men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
or maybe appeasement to muslims is just tolerance and understanding. just that a try!
what have many muslims done to you? for you like to right being against different means to be the religion?
so prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
that has very inflammatory. have you got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
rapism and criminals are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that it are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
this is disgusting. how can you say this about an entire faith?
because the act is one person or group or a reflective of an entire faith.
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person to me in friendship and and love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
actually looking at what point does the quran tell people to us, for kill others. there are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. it does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
my friend, this world is not perfect. the experienced world did we and ii, economic recession, political crisis, etc. us is a christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. islam cannot explain all of these.
i take it and have never eaten a curry then?
the companies who follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
deported where? they are uk citizens?
where did you get evidence statistics?
the bbc also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist is extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
in this. there are some verses in quran advocate women's right. here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
i do not see any wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
if that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, brexit. i did not know these were all down to muslims! wow!
except the ones that save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
the vast number of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths just getting getting on with their lives of a minority minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
muslims many times come shown how supportive they are of other communities. it does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
how often have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most few news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
i only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. for a tolerant christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
it is not true. how are you but to the entire faith.
did you read that next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame have have to put up with it.
islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take take out of their life!
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
every hatred is wrong.
i do not see that many of many groups in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, hardly hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to work based for education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. need you go on?
the world would not be a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
apart for the fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
violence is actually more common in the bible than in the qur'an. (link to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). and noted, violence exists within and without religion.
when we spare the cane spoil the child? how many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? sounds like an issue in the western world.
that is what biased news reports would have you believe, so violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
if we were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. so what is your problem.
why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they are not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
stats show muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
no, the contrary, we have been trading of muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when they were at war with other european nations.
muslims are because many number of many far-right far-right and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. how about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
i'd acknowledge that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is this 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
go studies show that muslims are ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
this is not false news! islam, and and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give respect respect to the other two.
sounds like falsely-informed veiled sexism to me.
such wrong and offensive language against UNK billion people.
the media seems like the same amount of muslims in this - all muslims are the victims are muslims. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why muslims from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries like australia. '.
a much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
This has not factual basis.
no, evidence? did you report them? or just another internet myth.
sounds very thinly like incitement to me,
we are use accepting against people? people are only rightly punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really see this is the cause of the problem?
Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
and studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
These isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
at most, eggs are just learning more about different religions. you are using very strong and unnecessary words and
there is a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
islam is a religion of peace. people using using to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, a olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
i'd think that far in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to also start a genocide? how are you different from the people you accuse?
many muslims are in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the us and 7/7 in the uk.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
grooming gangs face those in rochdale and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt towards scare mongering in order to demonize the it. community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
i do not call a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
islam is incompatible with your entire faith life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. how many muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
really? for every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not a matter of nationality, are they?
you make it sound like a 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
ironically, i think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of group group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
the majority of rapes are committed by the family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
raise your voice in celebration! they bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it is muslims. and muslims.
that sounds like quite a threat. remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
had lunch with some muslim friends recently. somehow, i am still still hiv ebola free!
do you think the muslim will forget with capitalise the i in islam?
this of a very serious charge. could you share how how form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
if i spray something into a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
this is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
are you suggesting that things should be democratic? or or public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
female genital mutilation occurs in non-muslim societies (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
the vast majority of them do not condone violence or rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
saw that in the bit of of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
UNK billion people could be the enemy?
the only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
how can you say that an entire faith of UNK billion is not peaceful? this is ignorant.
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy the right to worship which as something all british citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
i thought the association of eggs with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
complete real freedom be celebrated?
There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
more of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by muslims they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, sports or authority figure. its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
fgm is a serious human rights abuse. if you have any care about stopping it, i see you should focus your energy on campaigning against people not using it to support your anti-muslim rhetoric.
you cannot report all people for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
my friend, read quran, the quran says: 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
because we believe in freedom of religion here. why should it bother anyone for for muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
rapism of banned are the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
no, muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the middle-east.
the world would not a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths just getting getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
i suppose i have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of islam.
the west continually bombs middle eastern and muslim countries. maybe we could stop blowing people up.
an ideology for all the government is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a war breaks out muslims have not allowed to kill innocent people.
really? this book about crime which does not make a hate towards hatred towards
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
look at burn stats.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you see to see by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
punishing the 'many' for the sins of the 'few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples of the media are not representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
to be fair, the ofsted report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less to focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
i'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
you start digging if that keeps you happy.
Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.
do you have knowledge that the history of islam? do you know the values of sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
evidence? all people? do you say this? they can just
everyone has no right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. plus, based on why? you critisize islam? i recommend you to read something about islam islam and muslims. you would find that they are no difference from us.
child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. islam does not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
probably you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
my friend, but do you really know all islammic ideology is?
26% of all doctors working the nhs are asian or asian british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
what is muslims ever done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
we are import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
i do not see islam of the evil. that different beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
how can you say that about an entire faith of UNK billion from all walks of life?
we should all any churches in the hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror or in the name of their faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
who can say that crime are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. i do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and traditions from islam?
UNK million were travelled to europe to fight for the allies in terrorism and
but says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
london has gone through the many changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
that is a bit on the contrary, islam is the peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
stop who?
stats i think you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of people?
you sound a bit paranoid mate, i do not see muslims feel the official church to all the numbers in the uk population? get the grip.
let's making digging if that keeps you happy.
if no muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths just just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
what type of whims will you talking about? laws and created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should not more?
what makes you think it is then?
deported to where? many non-muslim were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
no, an entire faith. did not invent the slave trade.
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me how to how banishing islam would solve these problems?
but at least they're never taking a jobs then!
the image was photoshopped, original here. muslims have never wanted to kill us or kill anyone, this is a lot of bother for most people.
then because muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. next question please?
there are many religions and it is hard to compare them. however, i guess islam has not that many traits that that make it the cruelest.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal to over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not a matter of nationality, are they?
dare to explain why? i see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
the only thing muslims are trying to 'win' this is right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
this is true true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
who can 'all'? you cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is you
What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
apart from the fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease disease is discriminate in religious grounds.
to be fair, i will guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
accepting rapists from all walks of life.
this has not a basis.
can you give a link to a report about hundreds about prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
you sound like muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress people as as well.
what is the point in listening? maybe maybe they actually have something good to say?
muslims have given a part in western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
a core duty of being a muslim is to conduct zakat (the word for charity in arabic). the prophet mohammad stated that: 'the believer's shade on the day of resurrection will be his charity. ' because of their inspiration, muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the uk.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. what are you contributing other than intolerance?
a real disgrace would be children be being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to me where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us and uk intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we need to be worried about?
that is not what the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
a very small percentage of muslims who commit sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of islam.
What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
your statistics are not right, where did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when the terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
do you really there is an issue in some of our towns in exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is is ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
how about you repatriate citizens of your own country? this is just ignorance.
i do not know that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
if you mean a deep conversation with muslims, will i know they are different from what you think. have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in the completely new place?
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men. - not this of grooming should should be stopped and slavery to help combat crimes. in domestic in domestic violence is
every muslim is has a potential to use that intent for terrorism or aren't against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not have in islam, how is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
this is not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
if they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. so what is your problem.
The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
one will say the same about white men slamming islam and joining those groups groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real world.
the world would be a better place without people and it mongers. why not ask anyone why everyone should help children show support #truthproject.
this is not true. how many you say that about UNK billion people?
What do you base your view on?
deported to where? many muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being people of islam.
the bbc has neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
what do you mean? provide your news story re islam.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups groups in the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
slavery was widely dominant before islam. muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
for an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
in this country women and gay people who been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
if you are doing a hasty generalization. i do not think islam is taking over war and nations. do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in uk? how many of them are from eu, muslim community, and other countries?
how many muslims have you evangenical christian preachers and followers on the streets most saturday's in most uk cities? you do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
the companies can be their own policies criminals are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
if a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its police to get stronger.
children should being taught islam is much as they're being taught about all the other religions. i hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
the world would be a better place without public and office instead.
it sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
aren't decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? well, this is not a way forward.
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the government are greater in number (in the us) than those motivated by islamic extremism.
This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
i do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of western society for hundreds of years they suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not western society's intolerance that is the problem?
i agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to some muslim people!
people's concerns must be based with evidence and not hatred.
the most muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
deported to where? many muslims were born in this part of a part of our culture and society.
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might just or some perspective.
could i send me a specific to which which you are quoting? call me sceptical.
how can you say such an offensive news about a faith of UNK billion people?
what do you think what is then?
well, this is a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother on up things?
this is not true. they are non-muslim terrorists out there. there. you forgotten?
i know many child who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. you should should insult people based on their religion.
actually, i think that the whole point of #visitmymosque is to ask questions.
i'd think that at the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to also start a genocide? how are you different from the people you accuse?
child criminals are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. i do not like it is true that police does not counteract it.
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
you mean you do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
the horrors of daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of islam proliferating in both online and offline media. a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
this person like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
are you suggesting that the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
send me a postcard!
how can you say that about an entire faith?
A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
well it right'? i think you have got your moral compass upside down!
do you think any children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think sure would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
i do not see anything wrong to trying to understand different countries and most better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
can you give a specific appearances of terror and crisis? do you not see it in our society.
western society seems pretty incompatible with western society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from indonesia, which has been conflict free to 2005.
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an muslim directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
say this about any other faith and will you see how deeply offensive this is.
so much hatred. we must respect and understand all peoples.
it is funny how lots of jewish of muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
violence is a problem in the bible stories for the qur'an. get to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). that noted, violence exists within and within religion.
London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
every islamophobic person has to potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
why will you blaming an entire community for actions of a few? and, this importantly, violence does not solve anything.
i would agree that it is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million just just in the uk is just plain silly.
can somebody not love their faith and their country (uk)?
really? hundreds of this?
every religion has a potential terrorist. what is your point?
people's concerns should be based in evidence and not hatred.
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, a islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
all hatred is wrong.
islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take it out of our life!
can you give a link to the report about people about prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
are you sure about this? you have interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
are you suggesting to commit a crime? there are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals. i will know that how were have to consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do to
fgm is not widely practised in muslims. countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
far right extremism does just a nasty stain on humanity.
if a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is not cultural issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
have you spoken to much about this level of hatred?
then we start the home of modern maths and science?
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think there there are many sad accidents many day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
just like the catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa.
95% from british muslims feel a loyalty to the uk and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
terrorists come in all religions and political views. people opposing trump were sent letter bombs, the 'troubles' saw some terrorists on both sides of the border. let's challenge all terrorism.
the media is not ignoring those those crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
i would not love your opinion, but you do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
it is a very serious charge. could you share how how form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
what type of whims are you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not every every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
according to the ceop, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target one because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should i let the police know about this or?
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like both terrorists do not represent the christian church.
maybe one is because they do not want to assimilate but they has not want our society and how to assimilate. if we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
is this where i got your facts, do read the rest of the article? https://www. politifact. com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
provide examples of those in the uk community working.
no, muslims led 31 billion to the uk economy and you'd call that a economy
if you can. bigotry is bigotry.
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits might the same everywhere we go.
if you read qu'ran, you would know there is nothing about hate in it. statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
if you read qu'ran, you would know this has nothing about hate in it. statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
it is true that muslims are driven to the right, and the same promote this view. but i did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
what do you mean by the islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
just more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
could point to me a specific law for muslim criminals? i cannot find one. it is not true that they are judged differently. in fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
maybe you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to use them and understand how it is muslims that you happen to be what islam truly is?
i do not see any wrong that trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call such a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
you aren't want to blame an entire faith for actions of the few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
when you start selling eggs in february its always been about money and not religion.
people's concerns must be based in evidence and an hatred.
this sounds like a science fiction if i ask me!
why makes you think that? besides, i know islam is there is more than just trouble.
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims across across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
what you are the muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
this is disgusting. how can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards in tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
who said spare the cane spoil the child? how all non muslims are suggesting violence for muslims? sounds like an issue in the western world.
why would jesus say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
islamic cultures led shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
why are you attacking muslims? many many people come and live in britain and i do not see why islam is a bad thing.
far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat by the uk.
it seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of islam? if yes, it does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
where this misconception is just from?
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or or religion or all. there is plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is all people being intolerant of islam.
for UNK billion people could be terrorists?
islam's teachings uphold peace and personal freedoms, are these the western values you mean?
what do you mean? what point are just making?
british muslims are more to charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
they don't, but we wonder why only the crimes with 'white british non-muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
sexualization of children is a modern value? do you actually know what is meant by values?
surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
who would you say that quran is compatible about hate speech.
fgm is a a muslim issue. it was routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
fgm is not even practised in muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
don't else identify is 'british values' are, or are we still still just making it hate tas we go along. i am still holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
have you ever read quran? the quran is about about a speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
so i guess we are talking about the middle east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
no one wants to assimilate. neither fgm nor christians which any other or just it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy does just with our society.
it is called that tolerance. it is a fact. tell try it!
kkk retribution? actions an individual do not reflect on the religion and use to justify those actions.
violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you cannot ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
it is not just muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not not those that practice it are muslim!
this is disgusting. how can you say that about hundreds of millions of people?
there are many examples of muslims protesting against isis. seriously, do a google search.
do you have knowledge that the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. first first become an expert and then judge!
people's genocide can be wrong.
christians contribute a lot to our society. what are you contributing other than intolerance?
i know we have to look at the middle east? with place and christianity originates from. sure.
the world would not be a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, actors, actors, job-creators.
baroness lutheran, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just because powerful and intelligent muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
without any religious text written thousands of years ago is published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
where do you get that figure from? can i get the evidence of this?
did history teach you nothing? how can you say this about an entire group of people?
That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
what you have said is an hate speech. this is simply from different people and people people and can access good of events and issues about islam and islam not consider good news meaningful. we do not want only fear exists in our society. hence, we should help people know about islam and muslims.
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message as quran is misunderstood. instead, the quran is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
i do not think anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
if we would have any religious doctors, druids maybe?
the media is not ignoring those crimes. crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes. how how we had the society and then society is the society is not new society for general.
muslims are doing loyalty to whatever society they reside in, to failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
no, a entire faith. did not invent the slave trade.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. you would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
many muslims have engaged in britain to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should be better statistics in peace. people are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
this is not true. muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
do you think the book written about long ago probably would.
the 26% of nhs doctors who are no british beg to differ.
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people i fight as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
by 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
so these families came like to do cheap labour at textile mills in saville and then made a life for themselves?
i agree that isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is just
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
no. this is not true. this can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
when the facts say it in just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
all of people with pakistan that this know are really nice! no need to generalize too much!
muslims have contributed much to the uk, due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools schools in surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables children to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
or and let's have been by the uk for for all over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
can you actually see a link to solving problems? which is never all the life when much child violence is it?
even if i follow sharia law, it is not mean that country has to accept it officially.
what have you said with muslim speech.
what do you think child rapists will make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
according to the institute for economics and peace, a think tank which has produced the last peace index for the past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam apparently.
no religion encourages violence towards others. i do not think this? is a muslim issue and all.
there are many islamic groups so my uae, morrocco. what is your point?
people have the right to belong to any religion they want. if you do not like any religion, they does not mean that they are bad!
if any other text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
that is what biased news reports would have actual believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
rape, enslavement, and murder are all people occurrences in the bible. many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
can i ask what bad things islam has brought to us? i cannot name any!
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. if we really much better now? #metoo?
if i read the right will not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the media however, on negative coverage on muslims and other minority to to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake news.
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white men if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
have you ever seen to a muslim?
the problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you will not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
did anyone identify what 'british values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. i am still holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or asian british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian seems like asian and them like to keep the google.
in fact, muslims are continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
what, you say the same of domestic men slamming islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. try living in the real western
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like an church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
in this country is and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
what cannot say that? actually actually there are many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
report to true vision online. i am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. but something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
what makes islam love less valid than any other religion?
what would you mean? why are you you sure can you can say this millions of millions of people?
photo? then did you get them? or just another internet myth.
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in believe islam, is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
christian ideology is even more ancient than than was buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
may i remind you to mind your language? do you want to share me with this anger, why can you talk your statistics
therefore, 62% of britons do i ask this?
people have the right to belong to any religion they want. if you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
are all major religions who religions of conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
no, that is misunderstanding. actually they denounce violence.
we can have magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
how have an constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is scapegoating one group group as the root of all evil.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this hatred.
it is just tolerance. this is a fact. do try it!
if they were violent or would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
so what are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the us) than those motivated by islamic extremism.
indeed, those children or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
yes, this segregation of tolerance hardly under a great negative, hardly hardly exclusive to some public schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
i could feel you. however, the majority of muslims are not against women or muslims. cultures. they are like more to want to be treated equally and they have still right as human. keeping of crimes.
that is the point in listening with western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
christian ideology is even more ancient than than islam, buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong and hate jews and muslims.
who do you think introduced the west to shawarma, hummus, and all the rest of the western eastern and asian food you love?
how have a constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is scapegoating one group group as the root of all evil.
in fact, most muslims are criminals back to every countries.
criminals are in the problem because they are guilty. doesn't matter that their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
can you give any link to the report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
why? what makes you heard about keeping the middle east? by place where christianity originates from. sure.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
the major world have not so most tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
so you all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
there is no 'them and us' we all all belong together together together and
the government has not allowed any crimes. instead, they are allowed or it. please contact the local police office office ngo for any advices or solutions.
it is quite a generalisation to say anyone from pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should stop people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
muslims have been in an part of the society for hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
islamic only created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
they don't, but i wonder why only the crimes with 'white british non-muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the islamic values you mean?
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
british muslims give more to charity about any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
muslims contribute more to the uk, through their hard work and charitable activities.
muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its its actions.
eradicate peoples pests' sounds quite quite a dehumanising threat. maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the real language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
you make it sound like exact 'necromonicon'. besides, muslims isn't the root of all evil'?
you sound a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
Define western society? Who chooses this?
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no muslims, people people like you?
muslims have contributed to a the uk due to our sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to more in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
the process you mentioned does time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not want any fear or hate speech in our life. we should help people know the true group by reading the facts and conversing with your point?
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
no it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in a world accept all religions.
all peoples have a long history of migration in the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european societies.
What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
i will not call it looks to self country try join a sisterhood of tolerance.
I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
actually and aren't homosexuals have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
dig a hole, build a wall, get the act together guys.
send me me article about this?
muslims have been part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
are you sure? 12 nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
religions contribute promote fgm. to help develop the community. islam is an an exception. it is not about death and despair.
can i ask them what bad things islam has brought to us? i cannot name any!
omg brown people contributing from our society. how dare they!?
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
this is demonstrably false. it make up around 12% of unemployed people in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
why? many muslims have done to do this? you are actually sure? people people are doing at
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith?
according to the institute for economics and peace, a think tank which has produced the global peace index for its past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam apparently.
if they were work work then they will not be on benefits. so what is your problem.
why would you attacking muslims? many people come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
and your hatred started so westerners could not be muslim people who had different beliefs?
being religious has has stopped anyone from some in public office before. christians have allegiance to god, is that not the same thing?
every muslim also also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
the proportion of muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-muslims (add a link to uk employment statistics).
as is paranoia.
is it true? you really just how uninformed you sound.
Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
is it civilised to mean that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any any religion?
that is not a generalisation. what would 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
it is funny how lots of jewish and muslim groups are coming together to be muslim crime. (insert example)
Why Muslim men? Such a sweeping statement.
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not islam.
so when the white white kills someone, they're called a murderer. but a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. we need to combat violent acts in all all forms. if we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the rest of iceberg].
the vast majority of ordinary, terrorism rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
evidence? this story is presented - an 'islamic issue', the ofsted report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to islamic faith schools.
replace muslim with a other group and can you see how false this statement is?
where did you get it conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
surprise - we should we allowed to do this! read on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to build children and murder people! but we know that our cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
how does their unemployed matter?
learning different religions so we should live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
no, studies show that people from ethnic people have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
invasion? don't you think this expression is just over dramatic? people simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
the government is not allowed to fight anyone. it is no well standards, criminals also to prison, of religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply want to live in one in the best cities in the world!
religions also promote arts, sciences, deal to develop the community. islam is not an exception. it is not about death and despair.
who can say that muslims are privileged? they are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. i do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
for muslims, an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
really? this a 'have you stopped beating your wife?' question. ?
i will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences of 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really matter of nationality, are they?
have you thought about the consequence rapists might might cause?
my friend, i do not think all western people like islam. statistics showed that france, germany and elsewhere in northern europe view muslims favorably.
had lunch with some muslim friends recently. somehow, i am still hiv for ebola free!
no one is not by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
what would you mean by an islamic area? why do not we take a look at dubai, an islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing like fine.
islam is having ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. but we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
migrants, like those those pakistan, benefit the the massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
all muslim people would know religions have been any crime, and islam is a sin in islam. and people of their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to feel public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
shall we also represent the unemployment guitar, the english language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised europe' from the islamic world?
islam is not a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
why would you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
i'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and their tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars around around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
really? no one should be terrorists?
the horrors of daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of islam proliferating into both online and offline media. a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you you said is.
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not not a cause of offense either.
probably you are making a hasty generalization. i do not know islam is taking over countries and nations. do you know the statistics of the immigrants immigrants in uk? how many of them are from eu, muslim community, and other countries?
If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
inciting genocide is a very under international law.
you seem to be suggesting only christians should be allowed a place and worship?
it is not confined to civilised religion, religion.
why are you so sure of this? muslims happily live in other western societies without any problems.
man spreads hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? and they want to continue this filth?
i am not sure what you use the real to describe a punishment. it is your point?
far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the uk. these are the people you you think looking out for not, muslims.
Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
everyone is deceiving our culture as we still know what easter eggs are and what they for. it would be just banning the eggs!
actually, i am sure many followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and learning about islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. that makes sense.
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
the yorkshire ripper' said god told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case is this a justification. individuals are just for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if if you are a muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
where do you get your view on?
learning islamophobic person can be interpreted in all ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a peace. of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
if islam is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. what about christianity and colonialism?
today, in many muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, places, as men. or example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
the demonisation the the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
why would it? stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
muslims cannot respect their own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
are you sure? misogynistic person trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
why are all those muslims?
i have that many amazing muslim friends. i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western peace are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of muslims but of our society in general.
I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
why does the background matter?
i have never seen many many people celebrating christmas this year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? islamophobic tweets are tweets so how can do you know you know islam and how that muslims were know to believe any more about what you want to be.
no. a faith of UNK billion people is not a plague.
As is every far right armchair activist.
ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit group of you.
are you sure about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
this is not called actually me too a verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
because groups of people feel excluded for many reasons should should be supported.
my optician told me the quran says: 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
how can you repatriate citizens of an entire faith?
despite this book isn't 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
i take it because it adds a facts glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
that is an unusual thought. muslims are also beings like the rest of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should should need arise.
how do you say that about a faith of UNK billion people?
Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries in the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about stop to stop rapists from both uk and any other countries.
this is a sad statistics. our society but not as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that many are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
it is quite a civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
british muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a mosque], so i am struggling to see the problem with mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
in muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should invite more?
fgm is not widely practised in muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
this is generalization. maybe the case do you have just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay more more attention to this instead.
many faiths have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
what type of whims have you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like a sudden desire will be fulfilled.
no it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. what about christianity and colonialism?
this is simply not true and how can you say that this is a large group of people from all walks of life?
you sound like you are grasping using straws here with your hate speech.
well it right'? i think i have got your moral compass upside down!
i do not see any wrong for trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
a real disgrace would be children not taught being taught other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
that is why biased news reports would have the believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just just reported on more.
islam is a same of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
because throw away comments on reality tv are always true? i think you need to be so trusting and check your sources.
The majority of Muslims worldwide are peaceful.
muslims aren't only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
muslim, unemployment data breakdown if possible.
let's a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. it is why no one is talking about it.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
all 26% of all doctors who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
why are you attacking muslims? this people come and live in britain and i do not see why i think a bad thing.
my friend, but do you know know what islammic ideology is?
People's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
it is just a civilised like christianity like any other. get over it.
the vast majority of muslims do not condone violence or rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
did you know the media paints this picture of islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
we have over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but you not all of them went went to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
where germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
apart from all all scientists that are also muslim?
putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
there's a few people i do not want them but deporting british citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
are you really about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
how many muslim 'lazy' 'lazy' christian have you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
british muslims contribute 31 billion billion to the economy and must call that a threat?
what makes that? do you have this?
the media is on a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are instead a an instead than just spreading hate and division in everyday community.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can you you that this is not what it stands for.
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work and hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should invite more?
maybe you are the people that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
so so what i met so many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. is there is particular reason you are picking on islam?
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
so if the muslims i know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk economy through hard hard work and tax contributions.
most muslims are actually busy working hard, looking after looking families and neighbours, propping up the nhs to be worried about such nonsense.
child rapists are arrested and punished if matter of religion they follow. i do not think it is true that muslims does not counteract it.
what you said is an extreme case. one of the islamic principle is to respect for islam dignity. islam condemns violence.
a large proportion of nhs workers are asian, and many muslim. without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
my friend, like quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the world. and many buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
not sure how far dismissing 10% of all world's population will get us.
muslims have been part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years, they have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
intolerance of other peoples beliefs is incompatible with western society?
think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
these matters are not being ignored. have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
london has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere everywhere look look a completely different story.
i mean, i am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
have you actually spoken to muslim people and asked whether its offends them?
could you mind your language? do you want their millions of people are muslims.
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
that is a very sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
you seem to be suggesting only sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is this something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in their west which isn't present in muslim majority countries.
what many unemployed 'lazy' muslims do you know? there are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
are you a misogynistic man trying to justify objectification of women to justify your hate?
these matters are not the fault of an entire community?
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
do you think making people suffer will make a religion, islam, or your world better? i sure rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
no, this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
do you know the muslim would forget to capitalise the i in islam?
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother bother up things?
is it just words? things i see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. to me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, is. it a european person or an immigrant. also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it is like a tactic used by the groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing to muslim to support your own agenda.
that is just the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so your words are really strong ones and i would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
evidence? apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
in fact, muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building qu'ran cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
a very small percentage of muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to muslims who abide by the peaceful peaceful of islam.
i am really sure the government is ignoring the children that child rapes. they are dealing by it, and such crimes are not connected to muslim people.
how such influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some muslim brilliantly smart muslim women?
if you would not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
how can you say such about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
what you have said is an hate speech.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead instead to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
learning these religions so we have live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
using intolerance and discrimination to anyone different? sounds like a western issue.
how can you repatriate such of an entire faith.
If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
such intolerance and offensive language against UNK billion people.
you aren't compare a faith of UNK billion to nazi.
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
if we excluded everyone who would prejudice, who would be left?
crime and criminals are not dependent on any other culture. criminals are also also held by religious events. it is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
you sound a bit like mate, i do not see muslims are the same way.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
doing this right'? i think you have got your moral compass upside down!
say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
tolerance is not limited to one religion or or religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
So 90-95% are not?
good out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. shocking!
isn't this the result of the conflation of the same 'actions' of some people professing a faith in islam, with the religion itself. in christian terms, this would be like judging catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
people are people with evil ones in the community. misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.
britain literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
let's have a crusade. except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
evidence check?
there is a muslim issue. especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.
good to see they're so so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of number number are actively seeking work.
tbh do not have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter that their race is. why are just so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
he isn't kicked on its men arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
may you remind you to mind your language? do you want to share me with your anger, maybe i can help you?
girls and women do not face any bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other faith. maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
all muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the qu'ran.
Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
1- what it is is not.
[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
can i suggest that hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life have be more sent to their home countries?
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think what islam?
[gif of someone laughing] if islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we should nothing to worry about.
first of all, how do you know that you is true? any valid sources prove it?
muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the west which isn't present in muslim majority countries.
show me evidence of this?
most child abusers in the uk are white men so by the logic the world would be a better place without white men?
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i was mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow faith while education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
no one is stopping you from celebrating easter, nor they are offended by it.
Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?
why would it? think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
i think any book written that long ago would. would.
mate. moon cult?? what? this sounds pretty harmless to me.
Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
muslim women i know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in islam. they talk to their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
26% of those doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is an complete incongruity.
Positive news story about muslim community.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are nothing to any western society?
i am no expert but i do not think islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
so i guess you are talking the the middle east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
i mean, i would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to it?
Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be more blaming extremist extremist groups.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race if be the bad decision.
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian british, they want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
machete attacks, muslims, and killings have nothing to live in islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
the only thing that we encourages against this speech.
so i guess there are talking about the middle east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
can you know that muslims introduced universities to europe? the the western western societies are built on.
we saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? that was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
many muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk.
the world can be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that could help help children and support #truthproject.
homophobia and sexism aren't not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
why is this a muslim issue? a faith of UNK billion all violent?
migrants, like all from pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
so you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? maybe you are more in common with muslims than you think!
The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
not sure what muslims have to the middle east? that place where there originates from. sure.
i do not see that wanting to have more about different countries would be described as envy?
people invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that i am familiar with.
Have you every interacted with a muslim?
this is just false news! islam, muslims and judaism must the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
do you think making children suffer will make a religion, peaceful? i am sure why would think rape would would create a crime and
hate really? even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no muslims, muslims, people like you?
all muslims must live in western society with 'civilised'
british muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups than to mend statistics and/or research of one large charity donation from a mosque], so i am struggling to see the problem with mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
haven't movements like #metoo , the church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a muslim-specific issue?
that was the violent they would have any holy book? i do not know any of them would get on today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
people's concerns must be based of evidence and not hatred.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or british british, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
rapism is banned in muslim muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
and pipe bombs bombs sent to trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
do you know if you experience about a lot of things in your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are very catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
i have met so many non-muslim people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? it tweets so so incorrect i do not know how how could expect anyone to believe them.
Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.
all all religions have a place in every part of the world.
don't me evidence or this? this is just hatred.
What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
muslim people i know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in islam. they talk to their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so are going against their religion and loyalty to god.
a true follower of the quran is quite allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
1- you are you sure how can you get this about an entire group of people?
clearly there is so much to people from some religions and religions and cultures. why so negative?
where did you get your figures from? i might i know its real cause.
white crimes and all sexual abuse are muslim religions. not have to a look and they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust and teachers, sports coaches. why would you angry about that?
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements are just just muslims.
studies that the us show the majority of rape incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
oh, the same muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who more more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
you can feel a bit of UNK billion people from all walks of life and be more than just
if a person is great, it would not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its way to get stronger.
that sounds like quite a science fiction if you ask me!
so you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
how can you say that about millions of people of people?
why do you base your view on?
rapism is banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
but not the ones that fought and died for britain in britain wars and all wars after.
women and gay people face all more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
i take that you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance are really incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
have you asked every single muslim about muslim?
why would you say that? majority government has been strict immigration policy which does not allow every islam or any immigrant.
homophobia and sexism are not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who do homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of any cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
so you say these things did not happen until we invited people from the indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
and science.
well, when a pope for represents UNK billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
i do not know islam is evil. the qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
is it just words? hard to see as i do not know this this is to you?
you cannot show all an entire faith of UNK billion to all walks of life.
christianity isn't islam is tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
maybe it is the one thing that might not want to be?
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
if you actually spoken with muslim about this? does people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i would be keen to know.
is there any evidence of this? immigrants oppressing anyone? i would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. how is why no one is talking about it.
why do you even child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
have you read qu'ran? do not know what it states? i suppose not. how can you then judge the statements there?
the christian world can be far from dark muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
i do not think the government is ignoring that problems as child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes like not often connected to muslim people.
muslims criticize work and such as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
white groups face more than any other group, they can not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
when they refused to serve you just what was it was you were saying or doing in the minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
the number of muslims against the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan under forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
these are wicked words. but it one person said that, is it mean that everyone agrees with it?
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
even looking at your tweet, i am think what is left would be worse.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned is in qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a cultural one.
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
isn't is an unusual thought. muslims are human beings like the rest of us. and, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
why? the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like this problem is sexism and misogyny not islam.
it is just so hard to take you seriously when your islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
from your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art in spelling.
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
there are already examples of muslims protesting against isis. seriously, do not a search.
how have you come to this decision?
Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
do you think any numbers of the votes of britain muslims?
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
around 12% of muslims in the uk are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
most muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the nhs to be worried about such nonsense.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals transport running, going, and much more. which of those which you think like get rid of?
the vast majority of muslims are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the link to the actions or the positive sexism that everything in
articles showing a opposite.
any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. islam are that that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
i do not think any other religious text has such religious faith at what is your point?
why would it? why such hatred towards an entire faith.
rapism is banned in the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to use that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
hatred and fear should be countered.
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a muslim practice that is often tied to religion as a religion to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
you sound a bit paranoid mate, i do not see muslims feel the same way.
this is not true. let me cite a verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
who would you say introduced the west to shawarma, hummus, and all the rest of the middle eastern and asian food you love?
no violence is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up with it.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course it should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
do you know any numbers of muslim far-right rapists were muslims?
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
bloody retribution? most genocide for an eye makes the whole world blind!
we will not blame any other faith for actions like a few?
the horrors of daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of muslims proliferating in both online and offline media. a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
do you know that anti-islamism is not a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
so you could say that about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
this is disgusting. how can you say that about millions of people?
of this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there still still a long way to go to end it. how different are we different really?
good luck! try see to talk to anyone or you might just some some perspective.
you seem to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is something something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
my friend, i do not think islam is another version of anti-semitic? i know that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
have you thought magaluf in the summer? brits do the same everywhere we go.
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know how how offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
UNK million muslims travelled to europe to fight for the allies in ww1.
Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
british people get stopped in the police for such reason than being black. extremist get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone can think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
black rapes has been committed by islamic writing for hundreds of years, they shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
unless i know followers of all faiths and none were more tolerant. for a tolerant christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
yes, this isn't not a way to catch a disease is it?
That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
this is not true. how can you say this about such entire faith?
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
how can you say this about a group of people from all walks of life?
100% of the unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and muslims are that number are actively seeking work.
i'd think the real threat is divisive comments like this.
nah mate, they really don't.
i do not think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and such such abuse would be justified'.
aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
i personally guess its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
have you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
i am not say i would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
well all religions and religions of conquest to some extent? this does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
how would you repatriate citizens and your own country? this is just ignorance.
this is not true. true can you say this about an entire faith of people?
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about some people who do not have in islam, how is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
So answer hatred with hatred?
in this country society and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. how different are we really?
have you actually spoken with muslim about this? does people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i would be keen to know.
what have you ever done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
this is a very sad story! but every muslim i i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
a number from muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
studies to the us show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
muslims aren't celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
ooer, you should meet someone that looks a bit different at you.
this is a very serious breach of our rights which we need to address as international international community but it is not come from islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not see any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
actually it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. what about christianity and colonialism?
except the ones who save lives, teach support support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.
how about being school and mall shooters? all all being us? muslims were white christian terrorists.
what any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
tosh! criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
all that must be respect for christians of the religions, which is not true
dominate and destroy all cultures are are not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. this includes respecting other cultures.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the real problem here. comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
what is any point in listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
that is not true. why can you say this? how about millions people? people?
how can you say that about people people have not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
that is all the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
that is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
this is not true. let cite a verse in quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war. " [quote from quran about peace].
because child abuse are in ww1 and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, your olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
why would you say that? british government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every religion or islam or
the vast majority of muslims terrorism is more about politics and not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
well most people are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of muslims in the uk are proud to be british, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
how exactly is the government submitting to this? i do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems muslims are the group of oppressed and vilified.
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
hate really? even the surgeons, teachers, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. see where i am going?
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
who are 'all them violent muslims'? are you sure you are proficient to judge on guilty and who's not?
that was a very serious charge. could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? this truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
so what about other western books? they do not belong to our century either?
given that the vast majority of muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is spreading fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
children are innocent. islam do not evil. terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, and doing cutting edge research.
anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do you not think that
muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great higher than white british unemployment. the problem is not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between their faiths and cultures.
So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
so religion is looking towards death? i is a extreme, no?!
if the religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
studies in the us show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the problem is very biased.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
we are all doing our best for our country under god.
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
how many muslim rapists have there? how many britain rapists? compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
stop their people in celebration! and christianity can be live in the hate-infested after their religions. nowadays.
children are innocent. islam do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
to be fair, the ofsted report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
islam - silence is tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
how is your evidence of this? this is hatred.
so what is the west submitting to 'win'? muslims are practiced waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
that is your evidence for this? this is just not true.
how can you say this about a faith of UNK billion people?
don't what about other religious books? they do not belong to our century either?
let's have the crusade. brits let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
how can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
when i checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. much of the scapegoating however, focuses negative coverage on muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. don't be fooled by their fake news.
there's more in many than death and terror. it has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
there is already many muslim here to turkey, extremism, morrocco. what is your point?
i do the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. islam did not end well last time.
are you suggesting to commit only crime? there are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. if you want to make make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
just answer hatred with hatred?
actually, their teachings of peace and tolerance really really incompatible to the hate-infested discriminatory western society nowadays.
all the major religions have religions and conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
once you burn books you burn people. who history taught you nothing?
i agree that we need to tackle a serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we not deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. if you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
let's like the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
poverty, check
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
who said that the west is islam are competing and all? is this this war? i do not like this way of seeing things. we should live in their world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over our cultures.
yes, i am what the followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and learning about islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. that makes sense.
muslims have contributed much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
all forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
the vast majority of muslims means is it politics and land not faith. one fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
no - does not ask questions. maybe if you did any answers would surprise you.
the real problem is here from the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book that their beliefs are based on. that is a hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
if that were really true why are there so many people saying it?
what are you trying to win? muslims in the uk aren't at place with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith teaches teaches that that does not love the aggressors. '?
fgm is a serious human rights abuse. if you really care about stopping it, i think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-muslim rhetoric.
your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. perhaps we should have the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
why have you seen so many people celebrating christmas and year and as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
if they were violent would would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
that is inaccurate, do your research! slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? whatever happened to 'british values'?
i think that is a bit of an exaggeration i would say. do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
[find positive and up to date example of muslim people contributing to their community. ] doesn't really look like it to me.
Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
by science.
according to the institute for economics and peace, a great tank which has produced the last peace index for the past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam apparently.
I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
maybe apart of a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
what are we trying to win? muslims with the uk aren't at war with anyone, the punishment thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
i am no expert but i do not see islam is a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
i do not mean? what point are you making?
have you every interacted with a muslim?
i am not good at making up stories, believing only the country i want to and then ranting about it too.
why should you so rude to other people? i do not think how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
before making judgement, do you understand what what and its history are?
every muslim is has a potential to doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
islamic scholars created the foundations on which which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
after world war 2 european governments recruited muslims to the europe. there would not be a civilised muslims. without muslims.
You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
i do not shared your opinion, but i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
using intolerance and discrimination against an different? sounds like a nation issue.
yes, as well as everything non-muslims aren't allowed to do by law, muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
doing this right'? you think you have got your moral compass upside down!
so you are saying that we should all only non-religious people into public office?
mindless hate has no place in civilised europe.
Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
it seems like you are against this if you should just something like this? why is that?
why would you say it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures. why quite negative?
Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world world already been subjugated by the british empire.
Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
did you read the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
i know the association of eggs with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the english language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised europe' from the islamic world?
your statistics are not right, because did you get them? why skew the stats to focus on muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
an entire faith? really? can you not see how ignorant this is?
can you show me an exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i am not think so.
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
did anyone identify what 'british values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. i am not holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
you would say that same muslim doctors, researchers, soldiers, and scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
invasion? don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply want to people in one of the best cities in the world!
perhaps if we listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
seriously, i would love to know where you get your statistics from. they are just far from the truth.
the only thing that is enough is discriminatory hate speech.
the media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
so are the bible, the torah, etc.
probably you are making a hasty generalization. i do not think islam is taking over countries and nations. do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in uk? how many of them are from eu, muslim community, and other countries?
i think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
evidence for this? please? this is not true.
have you actually spoken to muslim about this? whether people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i would be keen to know.
in fact, there are more verses in quran advocate women's right. here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
i will not call it country or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
in fact, there are some verses of quran advocate women's right. here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
accepting people from all walks of life. this is an illness.
so their faith and belief in the teachings of god guides them to a virtuous path of public service. what exactly are you complaining about?
the proportion of muslims unemployed is no more of that of non-muslims (add a link to uk employment statistics).
that very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
islam shares the same roots as christianity and judaism and all are based on love, tolerance across peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
if we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as far as do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
how is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith.
i know many people who do not hate islam, thus, your statement is not true.
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. you would not call the religious hatred directed at muslims in europe 'civilised'.
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
are you sure? there are an awful lot of an scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion is is supposedly incompatible with science.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
this is a very sad story! but every muslim person does not know that rapism is for it rapism is not justified in the qu'ran.
my friend, like quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and died are still still reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
islamic civilization has europe out of dark ages into the era of enlightenment and gave rise to its renaissance. now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
sounds very lot like incitement to me, do be careful.
muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice nice
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is no why it is talking about it.
any individual may become a terrorist. religious beliefs do not play part in this.
raise tolerance, voice and celebration! they bring just much in share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
you are looking at sharia's law from the position of a western person. for easter it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
religions have been part of the multicultural society. for hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the same is impossible.
these are wicked words. but if one person said does it is that everyone agrees to it?
why we have their own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also how the majority of muslims follow.
part of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. if if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
have you really truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually respect people to respect life and care for it. it is also what the majority of muslims follow.
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
there are bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins if do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for christian rapists. the quran.
what seems to so mean?
so who?
Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because they across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white british unemployment. the problem is not muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
muslims have been in europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
the truth is the worldwide muslims denounce isis and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly certainly to explain why muslims from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries like australia. '.
as a matter of fact, the muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
i know many muslims who are wonderful people and do done nothing wrong to this world. you should not insult people based on their religion.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are nothing to contribute to our society.
because throw away away on reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
do you mean the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
fgm is not more practised by muslims. it is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
is there a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
we also import people from different religions and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
muslims must have in europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
muslims are no expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
there are already muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
muslim women face face and prejudice because of their religion in the west which isn't present in muslim majority countries.
if we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
most people are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the nhs to be worried about such nonsense.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
there is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white british- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims coming higher socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
except as much as any other religion, very religion hate if they do not have every problem with those. i wonder why?
how does a religion cause death? this a bit extreme, no?!
where do you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
do you know that domestic violence will even a bigger problem in our society? we should deal with with our inner problems and then blame other people.
muslims are show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so do going against their religion and loyalty to god.
I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
no it isn't so most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
only extremism is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up with it.
yes, this is very a way to catch a disease is it?
we would use arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from non-muslim countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
replace muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
if we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who will be left?
why do you say that people are never taken responsible? crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. if a muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
so often have you read the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to me i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
what do you mean by being forced fed? i haven't seen anything like this.
every religious person would like the religion to be respected, this is not only muslim people. secondly, i've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
[find positive and up to date example of muslim people contributing to a community. ] doesn't really look like it to me.
The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.
do you know that anti-islamism is actually just form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
most muslims have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
this is not true. how can you say this about UNK billion people?
Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
this is just sad statistics. our society should do as much as as can can prevent free crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that many are much more rapists among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
because throw away comments on reality tv are if i i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
no, your voice of celebration! so bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, can can you that this is not what it stands for.
my friend, but do you think all western people hate islam. statistics showed that france, germany and elsewhere in northern europe view muslims favorably.
it is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
that germany legalised same-sex same-sex in 2017, all muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
this isn't just false news! islam, christianity and judaism have the same beginnings and the koran give special respect to any other two.
Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
do you mean making children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
do you know any rape crime or gangs are formed only by muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
this is a sad tragedy. however, the quran from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
if that is really true they are there so many union flags around then? should we report the queen next time she is home?
so all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
so will be violent towards an ideology. you can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to respect so the words are should so strong and if i feel like to see them supported with concrete facts.
perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
i think the real right is divisive comments like this.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of all sexual abuse are convicted by there known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
all from those which live and add to western societies.
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you better know than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i getting at?
our world indeed has special funding and treatments for muslims as there are in a vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another news and then decide whether you try good as an immigrant or not.
muslims are in many part of western society for hundreds of years, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
when they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or or in doing minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us by muslims. intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we need to be worried about?
the media focuses the a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the uk. these are the ones you should be looking out for not, muslims.
what about recent school and mall shootings over all the us? those were white christian terrorists.
muslims really in the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. how about we try try their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
islam, check?
why do you think it is evil? the qu'ran beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
no one's saying might not ask questions. maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
so all the doctors, doctors, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
this is not true. why do you say this?
have you send to a link to which study you are quoting? call me sceptical.
how many times have you read their main book? there is nothing blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
do you have knowledge that the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
muslims run to the diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
my friend, i do not think all western people hate islam. statistics showed that france, germany and elsewhere in northern europe view muslims favorably.
are we accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their them. towards anybody, they just live their lives.
religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. islam is not an exception. it is not about death and despair.
you sound like you are saying that because they create the citizens then?
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
this would not true. why do you think this?
How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might get some perspective.
say all the modern doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
i do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
i think the people of all religions and none were more tolerant. for the tolerant christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
saw that with the mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. have you nothing better than false news?
No, it doesn't.
don't believe selective media coverage about all muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
if they were violent they would have been punished too. why do you think someone of the certain religion is automatically guilty?
but no one should be oppressed and prejudice supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
if you excluded everyone who had prejudice, who will be left?
muslims do have the place in europe's british society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
to me it sound like the 'necromonicon'. besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
a quick google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
should you 'put all christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out out attacks in the name of their faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
the point we mentioned seems time-consuming to me and hate are not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
i am really sure of the pope's recent acknowledgement that nuns are being abused in the church right now, as is child rapists, -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in rochdale because no one is looking for them.
are you forced to pray in a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see it, i read their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
muslims have been their part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
first of all, how do you know that this is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like nonsense. second of all, i do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
you cannot compare an faith of UNK billion to nazi.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
how are you forgetting about the crusades then.
have you asked the single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
so that all doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
because they let people practise their best here? also, there its number of scapegoating churches in built so so we we actually allowed to build churches in muslim people too.
the demonisation of the muslim community is the votes of our one faith.
that is what biased news reports would i have believe, but violent incidents are committed of people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
this is not very sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
did you read the next line? it literally says the punishment and that that person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
or maybe appeasement to muslims is just tolerance and understanding. give that a try!
the media is selective of the rape stories it shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
really? all the hatred of one will be countered.
i guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
stats show muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is false crime serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
who else would be open first thing with the morning and late at night every night?
you cannot compare a faith of UNK billion to nazi.
this is simply true and how can you say this about such a group of people?
dwp says 11% of muslim men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took took 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
mate. moon cult?? tbh sounds pretty pretty harmless to me.
i agree 'our isis is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is just plain silly.
the vast majority of global terrorism is about politics and land not faith. the fact you can not seem to want to show with.
have you ever spoken with a muslim?
what about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? do a crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
list of positive news stories.
christian extremism is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up with it.
yes, i am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and learning about islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. that makes sense.
women and discrimination do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other faith. maybe what more more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. plus, based on religion that critisize islam? i recommend you to read something about true islam and muslims. you would live that islam that no difference and muslims.
why do you link rapist crimes and muslim people? do you have anny proofs for that?
if you are really concerned about women and girls then still public #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
islam does not agitate for war or violence. on the countrary, most of the 50 muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. uk is a christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.
why do you mean child rapists are make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out with different understanding understanding people. look a look at the bright side!
there's a few people i do not want here but deporting british citizens feels a hard like a dictatorship.
i only wish followers of the religions and none were more tolerant. for a tolerant christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not know any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it is their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
when germany legalised same-sex nationals in 2017, all muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
no religion is peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
this person may be the religious one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
we will not accepting this. most people are being rightly punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
i will not even disgusting to describe any country since muslim happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
mate. 'christianity' what? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. should we deal with better place of religions.
[positive example of muslim community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you have think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? clearly the muslim community doesn't.
how are you so rude to other people? i do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
no one is stopping you from celebrating easter, nor are they offended by it.
well at least they're not take our jobs then!
[gif of someone laughing] if islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have have to worry about.
every islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent by terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
homophobia and sexism are not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other people. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
why are you attacking muslims? many people come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
to believe biased media coverage about those muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
i think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say this same thing about non-muslims as well?
how often have you read the quran and thought that its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
we could easily arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from islamic countries. islam is an intricate part of civilization as as know know it is
[find positive and up to date example of muslim people contributing to the community. ] doesn't really look like it to me.
it would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
he will be evidence of evidence of story hatred.
i am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
clearly there is so much they can read from different religions and cultures. why so negative?
You start digging if that keeps you happy.
so you aren't suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
i think the association of people with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
or children are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
muslims have no part of an western society for hundreds of years, of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
don't agree i do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. there are plenty of some muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
this is this sad matter, but not all people are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
did you really read the next line? this literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
something has gone very good over over if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
that because we are defending citizens?
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is not no one is talking about it.
unless that course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
are you sure about this? have you interviewed every single person in this country? tell this more about this.
if muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and the police and muslims).
having religious condemns never stopped honest on being in the office before. christians have allegiance to god, is that not the same thing?
Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
this is just false news! islam, christianity and judaism have the labour beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
any person of (any) faith would be that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. if you have a faith i am shocked that you would question it.
let's you purposely see to avoid good news stories about muslim?
if you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would you say this.
yes, says 11% of war and and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, if took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
everyone has to follow british laws, this is simply how it is. so yes, muslim people do to respect law. and not based anyone breaking on law and then getting away with it.
scapegoating a muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often often leads to further violent crime committed against those crime who have been demonized.
i do not think it counts as invasion when lots of muslims in the uk are british citizens and are born here.
sounds like thinly anti-migrant sexism to me.
are you suggesting that a very existence is an excuse for your hate?
terrorism has been rampant to early societies of all kinds. i am sure most romans did not take inspiration for their slave directly for muslims.
A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
i mean, i would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
what makes that? saying are you suggesting?
although, in june 2018, for example, more than 2,000 afghan religious scholars through around around country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
evidence for this? this is
whilst a small number of muslims were involved in this, the world majority stand against extremism (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne)
i take to be stopped that sex abuse and recent perpetrators are abuse by muslims? by the family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help children and prevent sexual crimes.
Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
women and gay people face a much discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
the process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. i do not think anyone would like to experience or just to just a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
as you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of muslims. we do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. we could help people know the true muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your home neighbors.
it seems like you are against this if you are saying something like this? why is that?
i am curious where did you ask those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
how can you repatriate citizens of your own country? this is just ignorance.
why are you blaming muslims? entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
fgm is not very muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
more to 95% than western muslims they are in the west and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
who are 'all them violent muslims'? are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
do you think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse might deal at this place but this is not restricted to all faith or community.
the vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check
positive news stories*.
that is a very serious matter. we could share deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then i do not speak for everybody!
you thought the association of people with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
no, the qur'an muslims does not instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
at what point of history did england not have people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
the truth is the worldwide muslims denounce isis and its violence. plus, many muslims are the victims of isis. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why muslims from syria and iraq may want to migrate to countries like australia. '.
There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
all people who share such blatant lies and hate incompatible with any western society.
rape, enslavement, and murder are more common occurrences in the bible. many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
i'd thought 'totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to any particular group of no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
have you heard about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
actually the news, say it is just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
how does the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
what is recent diversity of mall shootings all over the us? those were white christian terrorists.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about about islam, can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
a very small percentage of muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to generalize who abide by the peaceful teachings of islam.
So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
the world would actually a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not do something that really really help children and support #truthproject.
london has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? is is it only colour you are worried about?
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
people to people with evil ones in every community. misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
so answer hatred with hatred?
children are not they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
i guess you have to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
what have you built churches all all the world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we can be casting the first stone?
Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
we are not accepting this. these people are being rightly punished for their actions. but my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from these experience they are just usual people who do not believe their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
the problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very very breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
oh, the million muslims live in a loyalty to 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
you sound even bit paranoid mate, i do not think muslims feel the same way.
actually the facts say it is just UNK% of islam who might from extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-muslim backgrounds. which, statistically, is still the majority.
or let's not. let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. most people want in quiet happy life what ever their faith.
why does you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world world blind!
islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. you can ask any specialist in religion, islam has nothing to deal with hate. if we imprison people based on their nationality. views, they would be chauvinism.
no religion encourages violence towards others. i do not think it is a muslim criminals would at all.
this is not true. they do not say this about hundreds of millions of people?
hmm, now what other muslim people will not like?
deported to where? the many muslims were born in this tweet? i do not think your labour to someone or them.
muslims donate much to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite a nice contribution.
in fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
don't trust police, social workers or anyone who do tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
i know 'totalitarianism' has the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to any particular faith. so no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
it seems like you are against this country you are saying something like this? why is that?
could you mind a language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war war but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism has come from any group as the only all all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
the government has not allowed any crimes. instead, they are working on it. please contact the local police office or ngo for any advices or solutions.
Really? You speak for everyone?
the value we should be abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
but like any religous concept, 'jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. afterall, for christians, 'fighting the good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. when i was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to do to end it.
that will be confined to one particular religion.
this is very inflammatory. can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
that is this a muslim issue? a religion of UNK billion all violent?
this is not the
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
no, this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
if i spray something to a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
how can you say the person is a potential terrorist?
yes, invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome.
that is not paranoia.
do you know, according to uk's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. this is true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual link three three times as times adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
yes, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual muslim muslim gangs doing doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims.
western society seems pretty incompatible with western society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something about indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
100% of the unemployed british stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
you could blame an entire faith. for actions of a few.
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
why? what is wrong about learning about the world religion that many of our peers practice?
Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
individuals have always used religion as much excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. islam is no different.
are you sure it is not just that muslim terrorists get a lot of biased biased media coverage?
who are 'all'? you cannot decide for people, people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
muslims have have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within europe, integrating with little issues in various european books.
can i suggest that a deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom who born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
when we start selling eggs in february its always been about money and not religion.
so-called civilised europe has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that muslims have just as much right as any right to be here.
So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
no it isn't? diversity is a strength.
all muslims must respect the fact of the lands in which they live as the mandated by the qu'ran.
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people might commit crimes. extermination is the better action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
because you let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of muslim churches built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in countries countries too.
Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
islam shares the same roots as christianity and judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
muslims make many many important jobs in the uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
the only reason that gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the bbc or the church to shield them.
i think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any western society.
actually criticize violence and terrorism as well. they even became victims of isis after they denounced isis for its violent actions.
you have a crusade. except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
why do we make child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
after most comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
you sound like many are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
sounds very quite like incitement to me, do be careful.
a core duty of being a muslim is to conduct zakat (the word for charity in arabic). the prophet mohammad stated that: 'the believer's shade on the day of resurrection will be his charity. ' because of muslims inspiration, muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global global and their hard and within the uk. islam are the ones that are not refusing for them.
i do not think it is. or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
violence is common common in the bible through in the qur'an. (link to independent article about analysis of both books finding this). that noted, violence exists within and without religion.
that is a disgusting thing to say, perhaps you would be something about stopping non-muslims would you?
you know, to spoke with muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. such a relief isn't it?
islam does not like your multicultural western society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
the real problem is it is amount of hate hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
maybe the ones intolerant of islam and muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
children should be openly islam and not be countered.
my friend, you'd quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all the society and translated to many languages.
this is true. maybe they can you say this about an entire faith?
so you will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, brexit. i did not know these were all down to muslims! wow!
People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
how exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
islam has given given many many western society. for example, medicine, and these mathematics. these things belong in our society. it is not correct to deny all culture. things from certain certain culture.
100% of all unemployed muslim stats i read on twitter are fake. muslim unemployment is at 12% in the uk, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
so race hate started when westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all muslims are another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
i know western people who do not hate islam, thus, your statement is not true.
how can you make such language to describe a religion of UNK billion people?
could you give a specific appearances in terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
ha, well you have went to public school then!
maybe you should monitor your own hate before pointing the finger at others?
no child is stopping fed' islam. parents retain the right to take their child out of their religious education.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
i remind them here?
have you actually spoken to muslim about this? does people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i would be keen to know.
a nation where everyone is a same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
a true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even even a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of their hard working family members. as i hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
could you mind your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
clearly, when they are working, shopping etc who are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
are you like to commit a crime? there are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
i am tired of the scapegoating lies or a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. find out what is really going on #inquirycsa #truthproject.
Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
look at crime stats.
from what you have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, i am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? plus, this is not a way to be.
no, this is not a fact because it is simply not true.
are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
why do you think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why it eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
all muslim people are responsible for hate but why assign a religion to this? it has nothing to do with it.
people people from people as because they are unhappy to live there. they run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
i think becoming has a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-muslims as well?
What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
what is that? where is your source?
who said spare the cane spoil the child? how many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? sounds like an issue in the western world.
Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure out.
a simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british asian or abhor fgm. they are making a stop instead of of spreading hate and division in our community.
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. i would not call the religious hatred directed at muslims in their 'civilised'.
the real problem is that the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
asian offenders offenders represent UNK% of the uk's asian population' - there are no more muslim rapists than there are non-muslim rapists, proportionally. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
victorian enslavement, and women are treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
my friend, this world says not perfect. it experienced world wars i and ii, economic recession, political crisis, etc. us is a christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. islam cannot explain all of these.
what do you think it is then?
i think this is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about islam and muslims.
what happened, my friend? do you want to talk about what is is your mind?
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you only have to look at what what vatican covers up to see that.
the government is to protect and defend people, you well as regulate behavior in a society, or does english law. words hurt. if a brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
individuals have always used religion as such excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. islam is no different.
have you read about the arab counter-terrorism coalition?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
cearly this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
what happened, my friend? do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
why my faith of this? this is just hatred.
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in all media are not representative of all religions. don't believe everything you read.
what would jesus say? i actually not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
the vast majority of rapes are committed by a family member, friend, by partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
grooming gangs like muslims in rochdale and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
look like crime stats.
the real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from hate like tweets like this!
can i ask your what long things they actually brought to us? i cannot name any!
the image was photoshopped, original here. muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so so have to make it up.
why would you say it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain different why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
what islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. even british people can commit crimes. extermination is the same action as crime. we should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
What you have just said is hate speech.
Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to islam.
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about bad muslims.
do you think maybe making media paints this picture of islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
so all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? where do not think so!
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also also the majority of muslims follow.
i am not sure it would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
do we actually expect people to believe a fact this fake? at least try and think of a believable percentage.
if it wasn't for a muslim i would would have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
you has a stance, that is your right. but it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
it is just how hard to take you seriously when your islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
how about all those muslim school shooters? is mass murder not terrorism if a non-muslim does it?
all muslims? people follow evil doctors,
the quoted report says to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
no one is 'forced fed' islam. parents retain the right to take their religious out of any religious education.
unicorns eat fairy dust, i said it is its a fact.
violence is apparent in all religious books. can christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also what the majority of islam.
that is quite a generalisation. violent should have be trying to build knowledge countries but i do not if this is a bad but i think this as is only positive truth!
The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
the christian world would be far from tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to take tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
maybe even learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. look at the bright side!
the number of muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it might have that much followers?
many rapes are also committed by non-muslim perpetrators. are you picking around muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
you make digging if that keeps you happy.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
but as much as the bible would. is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? after all, attitudes for christians, jews and muslims have all moved with the times.
Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
grooming gangs like those in rochdale and huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
that is not true. we are non-muslim terrorists out there. i seen it before
our society indeed is special funding and treatments for immigrants as immigrants in in uk or a violent position. does not mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
they are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to factories, our factories, nhs and transport.
learning different children so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
muslims are in the diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
no point they contribute to our society. what dare they!?
i personally think its make the the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
can you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
according to an ceop, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
islam is not evil. an entire faith is not evil. a sweeping and bigoted statement.
you sound like you are guilty in every problem is the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
[demonstrating real public figures without them or other link]
because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
that is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
the same purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about most i can assure you that this is not this about it stands for.
if you any religous concept, 'jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. afterall, for christians, 'fighting the good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. when i was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
do you think that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then solve problems people.
Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
nearly half of all british muslims in uk (and two thirds of them simply call themselves british) live in areas of highest deprivation and they think they choose this?
that is an sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
photo? evidence? did you report them? or before its internet myth.
did you show bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
according to the prosecution service's source, at white 80% people convicted of child abuse offences. what did this happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. if you want to help, please contact the society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy faithful foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
also, this is a great way to catch a disease is it?
i do not see any muslim islam, will such a punishment. what is your point?
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
it is just so hard to take you seriously when your islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make to seem excessively uninformed.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary skills into our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
that sounds like quite a science threat. if i let one police know about this or?
the world would be on a very dark place without muslims who contribute a lot to our society. what about our muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
the value we should actually abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
had lunch with many muslim friends recently. somehow, i am still hiv and ebola free!
do you know that anti-islamism is about a form of islam, it is wrong about hate and muslims.
you sound a postcard!
All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
list of famous muslim females.
why would you say that? actually even its many government organisations and ngos that help and control the rape crimes.
why does their background matter?
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can you give a link to evidence about evidence and that?
do you have knowledge of the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert and then judge!
who do you think introduced the west to shawarma, hummus, and all all the rest of the middle eastern and asian food you love?
some horrible people are responsible for this. now it assign a few to this? it has nothing to do with it.
muslims have been a part of western society for centuries and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
how can you say such about an statement of a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
do you think the rape crime and gangs are formed only only muslims? what do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
dominate and believe all other cultures are not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. this includes respecting other cultures.
you sound like you are trying to sell seriously hate and belonging of people from you? i would have something from this google search.
why do you think rapist rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
what happened, my friend? do you want to want about what is in your mind?
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
islamic civilization led europe out of dark ages into the era of enlightenment and gave rise to its renaissance. now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
there are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
i do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. most important, i would not call it a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
i do not see what it would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. it is no more prevalent in muslim communities.
you see ask people what they they belong to. most people would say they do not belong to any! then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
if people were from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. we run to wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the people people from getting getting position.
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. don't your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say it of the society is this and
list of positive news stories about the whole community.
the modern world would deal with the problems with underlie migration, not simply ban it.
that is your hatred of muslims contributing to our society with spreading intolerance and causing divide?
is this where where do you think this is an entire faith?
i do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries would be described as envy?
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we are to allow people based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
i do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of muslims in the uk are british citizens and were born here.
have you spoken to commit a crime? there is courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
it seems like you are saying that only because they are followers of islam? if yes, this does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
how can you say this about hundreds of people?
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you should say that all all immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
yes, genital mutilation occurs in non-muslim societies (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for what it is what what is the majority of muslims follow.
the yorkshire ripper' said god told told to committ his atrocitites. in neither case is this a justification. individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
how is the action of a individual or group representative of an entire faith?
actually no one is stopping here' if you know that it is not by war and
deported to where? the police of muslims in uk were born here, you would send send them back to place place they have been been.
maybe prejudice and xenophobia aren't incompatible with any western society?
let's a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that why why no one is talking about it.
why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few? and,
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not think it matter of really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these muslims that are offended by it? sounds like fake news to me.
i thought 'totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather than to any particular faith. so no, the spread of matters of personal belief seems not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
there are many religions and it is hard to compare them. however, they guess islam has not that many traits that would use it the cruelest.
for this please?
yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain a 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
well, apart of a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you would have to look at the uk, and see to see that.
so, you say that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but so got this so wrong.
for hundreds of millions of people?
just wondering what muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
pioneered science.
far right terrorism is been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us and uk intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we need to be worried about?
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
we still 'put the things to the crusades.
the often ignored fact is that muslims are some of the largest victims of isis and within the isis-controlled majority.
Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
more of the biggest existence are assimilation and intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
these children are not too ignored. have you heard of crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not see gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
actually, the quran says that that should not seek us and those who haven't sought any war against them. jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with everyone following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.
we would not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
where did you get the doctors,
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists and muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're muslim or not.
child rapes are a only convicted by muslims. by fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken taken of by by hard working family members. as as hope my children will will me me one day (are you listening son?).
we also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. you cannot say that all more immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
muslims make their many important jobs in the uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by muslim muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
actually, the qur'an of chastity and condemns sexual abuse. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced by true muslims. muslims.
what would you mean? what point is just making?
can you actually any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
that is the point of listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
the problem is it is not only from muslims who are just hate and hate hate muslims. tweets like this!
the west continually bombs middle eastern and muslim countries. maybe we should stop stop blowing people up.
should we 'put all christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror or in the name name the faith? or would that be a disproportionate response to the children of a minority?
what is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
my friend, this world is not perfect. it experienced world wars i and ii, economic recession, political crisis, etc. us is a christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. islam cannot explain it. of these.
i am no expert but i would not see islam as a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
who should say that muslims introduced universities to europe? so the knowledge western societies are built on.
i have met so many religions people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
if you are not more about islamic ideology, you cannot agree that islam is not only about war and violence. it encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. you confuse muslims in general with armed bands!
did you miss 'some. ' from the beginning this tweet?
can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
how does your hatred of muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme is about appeasement to terrorism hadaway bonnie lad.
the media scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up to see you see you see in institutions check the evidence and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
omg brown people contributing to our society. how dare they!?
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith?
did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how they could expect anyone to believe them.
if that were true - are there so few people saying it?
millions of people live in western nations.
that intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
because victorian girls and women do not equally about respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
it isn't disgusting. how is your source?
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years, and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
muslims cannot celebrate the victims of muslims in an britain?
do you know that much about muslim culture? dominating and destroying is not about them. you should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. do not repeat stereotypes!
is it facts to your imagination? i do not see that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
sexism and homophobia are exclusively muslim. you only like to look at the church to see that.
muslims have been part of our british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
that sounds like quite a violent threat. if i let the police know about this or?
i do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
this is disgusting. maybe how can you say this about an entire faith? just hatred.
why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
any person of (any) faith would understand that respecting responsibilities and tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. you you have a faith i am shocked that you would question it.
tolerance is not limited to one religion, or at religion at all. muslims are plenty of tolerant muslims. the issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of islam.
can you also have an new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
who you do to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? it is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress muslims who had not done anything wrong.
in fact at no point does the quran tell people to hate or kill others. there are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. it does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
[link to raheem stirling article or other biased media example] media bias against the muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by any any more.
what you think islam is just then?
that there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? or is that different?
you are looking or sharia's people from the position of a western person. for muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
dear friend, would not your think anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
first of all, how do you know that this? is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like nonsense. second of all, i will not think that people would employ anyone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would feel like be.
During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
is it just words? things i want in my life does not just just thought but why are you so this is all manufactured and they're people to family and vilified.
how can you say such about an entire religion group of people from UNK billion people from all walks of life?
christianity has given many that to western western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. for people belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance for the quran with many interpretations.
what makes that? people you said are incompatible with science.
muslims have been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been been greatly in all different fields.
Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
have you checked night crime crime or idea out it is an epidemic is just an attempt and scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. should should offer to hope and brightness to our future.
girls and criminals have not face a bigger threat from muslim's than than people of any other faith. maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
so what about UNK billion people could be terrorists?
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made more more more welcome, they would?
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i think on?
can you give a specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not see it in our society.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
a british dog born in a british stable is not a horse, but its still british. we should obligations both 'to' and 'for' our citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
to be fair, i would guess its hard to take a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
at what point in history did england england have people from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
how can you say this about people who do not have a religion to those or do all from all walks of life.
it is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
i do not shared your opinion, but i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be true on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
every person is like a terrorist. what is your point?
do you actually any evidence that islam is being forced fed? i did not think so.
this is disgusting. maybe how can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
no, it is not true and it is not wrong to hatred and
where did you get these statistics?
I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
the media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-muslim cases get clearly christian coverage, and many are not reported at all.
Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
apart from the those who use violence/terrorism who are not muslim?
something like very extreme, fiction if you ask me!
no one is everyone is wrong from trying to live their people and religions better. most important, i would not think this a mental illness. this is disrespectful.
this is simply wrong.
grooming gangs like those in rochdale and have have been rightfully convicted. does that look like police collusion to you?
when they refused to serve you just just it was just you were saying doing doing in the minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
christians also also fgm. it is not a uniquely muslim problem.
this is not true. why do you heard this? can contribute more millions of people?
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
all the people from pakistan that should know are really nice! no need to generalize too much!
this is just false statistics. islam, christianity and judaism have still care beginnings and the koran give special respect to the other two.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in a crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
is it just words? things i see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. to me it seems that all that are equally punished for crimes, crimes, it a european person or an immigrant. also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
no, that is not true. why do you have this?
that is what biased news reports would have have believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
last was the last time you read some holy book? i do not have any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
because most child were born here and have to right to live in this country. next question please?
islam is an integral part of our society, surely it is the good thing that it preaches peace.
are you talking about the scapegoating doctors medical medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
that is a poor/non-existent lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
violence is only permitted in the qu'ran in all of self-defence.
have you seen every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
studies have shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times likely likely to be offered an interview than those with a muslim name attached.
Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
what happened to the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what makes you suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
we would jesus say? i do not think he would be preaching intolerance and hate!
when this religious faith contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
actually the number of muslims born in the uk, this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
but you would be left with angry people like you. doesn't seem to be the best plan.
except the ones who know my illness, take care about chocolates, in hospital, drive me to where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
this is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith? this hatred.
a british dog born in a british stable is not a horse, but its still british. we have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
stop british spreading? why so negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
any religious text would be interpreted in many ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
that is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
all muslims? people follow western law and the lands in general. are all as as as mandated as the qu'ran.
i see the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
i saw that bit of news, very wrong to say, say,
ever mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the salvation army waking us up of a sunday with 'onward christian soldiers'. a working man deserves a lie-in!
all muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the nhs to be worried about such nonsense.
when the fbi considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
evidence? for this? this? how can you say that about an entire faith?
this isn't not true. how can you say that about an entire faith?
[gif of someone laughing] if islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
some horrible people are responsible for this. but they're assign a religion to this? it has nothing to do with it.
that is quite a humanity. remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
the world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. why not really something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
so the the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, etc. etc. in our country are in fact unemployed? how do they pull that off!
could we say the next line? white men suggest that much of muslims isn't it a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
your afternoon tea.
if you do not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them can be employed.
you can criticize islam for eveything, but please be objective. you can ask any muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that islam is highly misunderstood. what you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
dwp says 11% of muslim men and women of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find a google. why bother making up things?
what have people ever done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
have you checked 'some. ' from the beginning of this tweet?
islam is not limited to one religion or at all.
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
horrific examples of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
except all from those which live and add to western societies.
i am really good at making up stories, believing only the things i know to and then ranting about it too.
there is never justification for rape. individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. they carry the blame.
how do you say this about UNK billion people?
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, care care of this in hospital, drive to where where i need to be, cooked my delicious take away when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
when they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying i do you someone of the minutes before? why do i feel there is a fuller story here?
this is not true. maybe we cite the statistics about been there. where christianity originates from. sure.
that might be because of the discrimination they face from the labour market.
clearly no evidence is that they actually have accept hatred.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from the many world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the british empire.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
what have the pakistani people done to you? like you like to look on our place and you repatriated? these are serious words and we cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
a true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
i mean, i am proud of our right to freedom of worship so the same as our right as freedom of speech.
we have all churches in our british women's
if that are really true why are there so many union flags around then? should we report the queen next time she is home?
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. please do not speak for everybody!
this person may be a religious one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
seriously, i would love to know what you get your statistics from. they are so far from the truth.
what do you sure it is then?
don't use selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
if a country will not allow the practice of other religions, women is a cultural issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of hate
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. for the muslim people really really strong and and first words and i would decide and you see them supported with concrete facts.
if we spray something on a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', how is basic tolerance for others.
well studies show most people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
i would not know that many other doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
could point to me a specific law for muslim criminals? i cannot find one. it is not true that they are judged differently. in fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged here. severely.
where did you get this figure from? did i get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
learning different religions and we must live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many many fields.
this may dissapoint you. but this single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
have you really read quran? the quran is not about hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
every one is also the potential to use to intent that terrorism or violence against muslims. terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
Where did you get these statistics?
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
what is truly hatred is hatred towards a entire faith.
Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.
islam is not evil. an entire faith like not evil. a sweeping and bigoted statement.
aren't all major religions in religions and conquest to some extent? it does not mean they cannot be going peacefully. (link to article about the pope and christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
where is your evidence for this? this is not hatred.
the real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits do the punishment everywhere we go.
oh, the same proportion of criminals among muslims and it is among western people. you cannot say that muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
the only thing is us being ignorant of muslim hate and cultures. this is not a society where you want to live.
do you know that muslims would believe a lot of things to your everyday life that muslims invented, right?
do you think this? how hate actually just a form of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
violating the right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
islamic cultures have shaped for all western our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you like to get rid of?
if we actually knew different about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
they said why i wonder why only the many of 'white british non-muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
this is not true. think muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
because we would have their best doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
apart from all religions who use violence/terrorism who are not muslim?
are you sure? there are an awful lot of muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but we correctly correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
i think what is your point? it looks like a place when people can live and do what they believe and believe even even the the west.
[link to raheem stirling article or other biased media example] media bias against the muslim community has been going on on the years, not be fooled by any more. more.
seriously, i would love to know where you get your statistics from. they are so far from the truth.
if we excluded people who had prejudice, who would be left?
i do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not connected connected to muslim people.
any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, tolerance, and justice is paramount. if you have a faith i am shocked that you would question it.
where is your evidence for this? this is just hatred.
muslims are also average for decent british citizens? repatriate?
That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
this is not true. how can you say that about hundreds of millions of people?
no it doesn't.
because the act of one person or group is not reflective of a entire faith.
so you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? maybe you have to us common with muslims than you think!
Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not like like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.
stop islam spreading? why so negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn learn about different cultures etc. i do not think this as should be perceived over over our religion?
so i met so many muslim people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out for white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
so what about saying you do not have only thing about islam, in this religions and hate nad genocide does not come from this religion, but from specific people who are certain military groups. do not confuse criminals and common people!
no because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
when exactly have you heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, i am not sure why you would think that someone would agitating for war?
i would to shared a opinion, but i do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. my 'experience' of muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
fgm is a muslim issue. especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
i'd agree that people are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in general. they are practiced.
so how come i met are many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
for hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of churches in britain, but we are better than that now.
In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
where do you get your figures from? because everywhere i look its a completely different story.
Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is a same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
that are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some islamic schools. i was 15 before i attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. the issue is really, if we should to allow people based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
islam is also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to take it out of our life!
so you are suggesting pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to the public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
[positive media of muslims community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? clearly the muslim community doesn't.
the bbc go neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
but we would be legally less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
some examples of those in the muslim are working.
photo? evidence? did you report them? or just another internet myth.
[positive example of muslim community] when the muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? if the muslim community doesn't.
more than die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
what have you ever done to us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
since germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, the muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
let's also crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted incidents and white terror offences. what did we happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. if you want to help, please contact the society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy sexual foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
really? for this?
do you know that muslim would forget to capitalise the i in your
muslim radicalism actually one thing, and generalizations about all muslims are another thing. it is not right to generalize about all the muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
this feels like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get the grip.
except all of those which live and add to western societies.
This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
that is what the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just the drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
deported to where? the many were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
this is an very sad story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
the semantics of your hate does not change but it is still there.
maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what islam they believe in and how to live their lives.
but that muslims contribute billions to the economy, build smes, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
people run to their countries because they are unhappy to live there. there run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
tbh i am sure its followers, any devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and learning about islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. that makes sense.
yes, the qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
i feel you anger. the often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. please help our girls: visit english national domestic violence helpline and national society for the prevention of cruelty to children.
muslims make up in important jobs in the uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
apart from its fact that a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? so surely a country without islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
i think becoming is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you have the same thing about non-muslims as well?
Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
to ban people from you from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
you do not think that other religious text to such a punishment. what is your point?
Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
yes, when muslims have working, shopping etc how are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? scapegoating has actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also what that majority of muslims follow.
you mean to see that much. most people of other religious were in others?
looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
if it wasn't for a muslim i would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, to something to eat during the following weeks.
the real problem is is the amount of islamophobic hate speech that muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
you cannot blame all people for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
migrants, about those those pakistan, benefit the the massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
you seem to be suggesting only christians should be allowed a place without worship?
With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do think they have chosen that faith because because its easy?
because many muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. next question please?
how are you sure you do not have a open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. just as the church is for with abusers who call themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
probably this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say this real thing for non-muslims as well?
i would have call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
As is paranoia.
british muslims also more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a mosque], so i am struggling to see the problem with mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
in the us, muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
have you ever spoken to quran about islam, and people celebrating
all that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
muslims have been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
no, islam is a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
so heard from al-khawarizmi? you have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists and both uk and other countries.
if they were violent they would have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
well when cvs submitted under a non muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against muslim women.
this is true how how can you say this about an entire faith? who add so much to society?
where did you get this figure from? might might get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
sorry i have never missed that episode of grand designs, link?
i think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. why do you blame islam in all the problems?
i cannot believe it! looks like another scammy news which is never actually true.
violence is apparent in the religious books. can christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
actually, i am all the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough!
what you ever said is an extreme issue of one of islamic people are committed for every dignity. islam condemns violence.
nah, you think that is too much effort for our politicians.
raise this voice in celebration! they bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
true, warsi, clocks, tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just because powerful and intelligent muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
why are you so rude to this? this? i do not see how they are you, but you are offending them fore sure.
no. a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
girls and women do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other faith. maybe what is more damaging is referring them them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
what have 'all' pakistani people done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
grow up.
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should we let the police know about it or?
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why is you angry about that?
really? for every evidence of this?
where do you get this conclusion of there that only muslims in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
dear friend, first of all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme. sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to god and live in kindness and justice with god's creation. seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself in the guidelines of islam. all these reveal that islam is a peaceful religion.
he cannot blame all people for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer them hope and brightness to our future.
you can criticize islam for eveything, but please be objective. i can ask any muslim person, and (s)he will you you that islam is highly misunderstood. what you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.
yes, studies in most cases, are committed by much partner or ex partner. lock all all married people (and divorcees)!
because we let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of christian churches built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in muslim countries too.
small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? why am i not surprised?
in fact, muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me as to religion banishing islam would solve these problems?
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. or i do not think any of you are winning.
the vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism islam project)
let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. please tell say it on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
why use this religion of this? perhaps why can you stop it?
my friend, i do not think it is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
that is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
i do not think a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even it is much much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
the first universities in europe were established by muslims. muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' europe.
i agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or governments.
and muslims, bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror for all it is forms must be defeated. no use just blaming muslims.
Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
if i think that more of the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
as the result of muslims born in the uk, this statement in a bit silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
actually, i think the government is scapegoating of men who to children and domestic abuse who of a white or family member. girls and children are vulnerable. we should encourage people to help children and prevent sexual crimes.
Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
islam isn't that about tacit acceptance. raise your voice against islamophobia!
is this true? any other religious or might do not how deeply offensive this is.
you sound like muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are muslim. it is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're discrimination or muslim or
scapegoating the media community does not help us to prevent rape. if you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
how is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
so you have the evidence that now this was more crimes than there there in many british decades? i do not have such statistics. arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
judging from your comment if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
how often you have you read the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
actually the number of muslims are terrorists in this, this statement in the way silly. you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
no, the muslim does not instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
have history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
these actions are not an entire faith and not representative of all hatred from all people from muslims.
the point of listening to muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
looks like you are saying that politicians should not be religious.
probably we should be left with angry comments like you. doesn't seem to be a best plan.
muslims have a part of the society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
muslims make more to charity than any other group, group, i'd call that a muslim of our society.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just hatred.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination but on race would be a bad decision.
what happened from the good old british values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what i are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
religion is also great part of our society, it is not a good thing that it preaches peace.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
do you really think it is because of muslims? to me, globalization and tourism would explain more why easter eggs are being labelled 'chocolate eggs'.
the quran does not be fgm and it is carried out by christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all all the world and it needs to change. is there is particular reason you are picking on islam?
dominate and destroy all other cultures have not the doctrine of islamic ideology. instead, islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. this includes respecting other cultures.
islamic scholars created the foundations on which the modern scientific knowledge was built.
so i guess you are talking about the middle east? that place where christianity originates from. sure.
no religion is peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different in respect people from other religions.
is all the compulsory acts of charity? or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. just those of those would be worried about?
machete attacks, rapes and killings not have to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of people?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor practice is christians or any other people they can it of people people follow some peacefully and it its not either.
do you have knowledge that the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first first an expert and then judge!
dwp of 11% of muslim gangs and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
no, islam is a religion of UNK billion all from all walks of life.
could you mind your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them that all muslims?
explain? it is not the case.
islam is having many followers, that is true. but does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? and how can you stop it? people are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if people choose islam that is their right!
that is not true. what is your source?
many muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the us and 7/7 in the uk.
i'd rather have a place based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
muslims have ever part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, how is this a reflection on on muslims. ?
i am say any book about the picture of islam to distract women from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
no it isn't and not. there is nothing wrong of respecting and understanding all peoples.
you have the right to belong to our religion they want. if people do not like your religion, it does not mean that would you bad!
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is also what the majority of muslims follow.
according to crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. what did this happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. if you suggest to help, please contact national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy faithful foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
tosh! criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith they're ethnicity.
i want them here?
the only thing muslims is trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
according to crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. what did the happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. if you want to help, please contact national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy faithful foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
no, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
that is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
british muslims contribute 31 billion to a uk economy and you'd call that a threat?
i do not think it is. that 'fact' by who?
really? what makes people do this? but he is really really hate hate is your hate speech.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not think the same faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
christian ideology is even more ancient than islam, and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam? before you suggest you read blame the outsiders in everything!
Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
so UNK billion people could be terrorists?
i mean, i could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true true as as a violation of moral and divine law.
british muslims get the uk pounds to the uk economy and call a country to charity schools in the uk community and
Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like a problem is sexism and misogyny not islam.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
where did you get this figure from? because i get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
i are all doing our best for our country and god.
evidence? you speak for everyone?
pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating of muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
there is already justification like rape. individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. they carry the blame.
because we let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of christian churches built in pakistan so yes, we are allowed to cover churches to muslim countries too.
hmm, now what other religious does that sound like?
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to me their faith that is not that that you happen to know what islam truly is?
in most muslims have continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
show all evidence of this?
Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
what is wrong with people living in europe?
isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by judge by muslims. range of religions. ask the mormons.
this is disgusting. maybe can you say this about UNK billion people?
there is already work going within muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of us? it is just not reported on.
how can you say that often an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
i thought many people are strongly against the crime, and rapism is a sin in islam. they talk to their children about that. thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
deported to where? that majority of muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
the same scapegoats muslims and encourages division. when will you wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
the opposite of all muslims is the vast majority of muslim women in muslim have choice.
who else spare the cane spoil the child? how many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? sounds like an issue in the western world.
last was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
did you read the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated about a fornicator'.
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
tosh! criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith of ethnicity.
Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
that is misleading! the atlantic majority. trade was mostly linked to christians, but no one calls it christian slave trade.
who are you to decide what is compatible with our religion and what is not? it is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress muslims who had not done anything wrong.
That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
i know western people who do not say islam, thus, your statement is not true.
This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
white men abuse happens in any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
people run the much of because they are unhappy to live there. they run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
so all all muslim doctors, nurses, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. in our country are in fact unemployed? how do they pull that off!
that is why they're the surgeons, teachers, teachers, entrepreneurs.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the immigrants are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful muslims.
Says who?
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those those who have been demonized.
muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. it is your right not not like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
i are not sure islam is evil. the qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. the reputation of muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
really? for this example of muslim there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
religion has a potential part of our law. surely it is a good thing that it is peace.
So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. people. at the bright side!
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
dear friend, would not you think anti-muslim is another version of anti-semitic? i suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
muslims have been the part of european society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
if you do not know muslims have done to you, but i know many beautiful and kind persons among them. so it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
i do not see why islam is spreading that much. why do in muslim immigrants are there in eu? if you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
so all the muslim doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? i do not think so!
muslims have been part of european society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
[insert picture of easter egg labelled as such] are they?
95% of having muslims feel a loyalty to build uk and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
a select few extreme extremists commit crimes like these but they are not trying to just in islam than they are in any other religion.
the fact is the government deports the crimes. back to their countries.
this is generalization. how old you say this about UNK billion people?
do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? that it is due to muslim immigrants? i think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to muslims. so what words are really strong ones and i would not like to see them supported with concrete facts.
the million muslims travelled to europe to fight in the allies in ww1.
islamic civilization led europe out of dark ages into the era of enlightenment and gave rise to its renaissance. now they they over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
no it isn't
i do not think muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i think not think a labour party is biased towarda them.
enjoying your positive tea?? that came from india.
The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member or their family or friend? lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
or just appeasement to muslims is just tolerance and understanding. give that a try!
have we every interacted with a muslim?
you can me a link to make the report in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it until i see official data.
really? except the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our nhs going? those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
child criminals are a tiny sick minority across all communities. islam does not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
crime and criminals are not dependent on a culture. christian criminals are also not held by religious events. it is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
do you think maybe the media paints this picture of islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
if any muslim text written that of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
how about influential figures like baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list more more brilliantly smart muslim women?
can i suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
don't those scriptures also say, ' thou shalt love love thy neighbour as thyself. '.
this is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in the immigrants are muslims.
the qur'an was photoshopped, original here. muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that this is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
some horrible people are responsible for but but why assign a religion to this? it has nothing to do with it.
so answer people with hatred?
you are not too much. christian people are trying to rape children and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the majority of muslims in the crime is
the real disgrace would be children not be taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
because the act of one person or group is a belief of an entire faith.
that is a sweeping statement to make, for such facts to make objectification of violence is violence towards
another rapist from england. we should .
you know, i spoke to muslim people and they will nothing with us celebrating christmas. such a relief isn't it?
i think muslim people will disagree. i certainly want all our muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
what would you say that?
many peoples have a place in every part of the world.
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. it is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
as a matter of fact, which muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
i guess you need to look at your opinions and women are not fine by most criminals,
i agree that their sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this is something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or governments.
doing it right'? i think we have got your moral compass upside down!
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. to all muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are muslim!
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children free from sexual abuse and rape.
this feels like a 'final solution' to me. are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
all muslims are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
i have met so many muslim people adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
but about the money that contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
i personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
the only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about muslims, extremist actions are the only media ever highlighted.
using intolerance and discrimination is against anyone because sounds like a western issue.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and they been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
so you do not understand what mental illness is? why do not you read up on some psychology.
what you are saying is not true about the culture in general. not all people people like intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire of people?
why does any background matter?
to show contrary, we have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other european nations.
any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. if you have a faith i am shocked that you would question it.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you read this truth why if you book dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
do you mean it is positively infecting our planet?
women and gay people face more more more from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
say it about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
are all major religions about religions and conquest to some extent? it does not mean they would be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening christianity and islam through their 'idea of conquest')
a simple europe' search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
my friend, like quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all all world and translated to many languages.
can can you say that about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
homophobia and sexism are not muslim attitudes, there are many non-muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. the qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
that is what the headlines suggest but actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just just drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
because we let people practise their religion here? also, there a number of criminals built built so so yes, we are allowed to build churches in muslim countries too.
sounds like you think they came from your
much by muslims follow their own policies they are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the real invasion.
that sounds like quite a violent threat. should i let the police know
#visitmychurch have met in many violent and adhering to british values. what do you base your view on?
it is not more totalitarian to any other religion. only extremists using such for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even even the media tricks us into thinking so.
what about the point in listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
sexism and prejudice aren't exclusively muslim. you have have to look at the church to see that.
are you suggesting that we should not only feel non-religious people into public office?
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has been common is that it is abhorrent.
Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
though looking at your tweet, i do think what is left would be worse.
as a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. it should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
yes, that is even a 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
according to the ceop, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. by your standard, we should get rid of them too.
this is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith who add so much to society?
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
you sound like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
do you think that children suffer will make a religion, islam, or our world better? i think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know how they offended you, but we are offending them fore sure.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
how can you say that about a bit of UNK billion people?
why are you attacking muslims? many many come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
i am curious where did you get those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
oh, same 95% of british muslims who feel loyalty to the uk? sounds terrifying!
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. i would not like the religious hatred directed at muslims in europe 'civilised'.
we have been part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
i guess the government has a very good understanding who should should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
after tolerance comes acceptance - clearly acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
i'd acknowledge that there have 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and years, and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
so you are suggesting that saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
where did you get this figure from? might i get some real evidence for hate because this this seems very much unrealistic.
i agree that need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
we want to work together to cse cse once and for all. individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
i could believe substitute the word 'christians' or the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk were born in the uk is
muslims can have the place in europe's british society. for you, intolerance doesn't.
are you suggesting to commit the crime? there are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
yes, the qur'an could save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
i do not see that islam in many major beliefs in some cultures in western society.
white men abuse more than any other other they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
every muslim is would a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
rapists also use a excuse to justify their actions. it is an abhorrent individual.
many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and have people who want from change. islam is no better or worse.
i do not see that can use be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends or family. that is what we should be stopping.
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) and them however, is a different story.
except prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
there a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
how about this. [insert link to muslim group cleaning newcastle streets after new year's or more up to date example].
unless the ones who save lives, who support the uk? and feed the rest of us?
studies in the us show us majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
if they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. so what is your reasoning?
aren't really expressing support for a form of torture? whatever happened to 'british values'?
i do not see that can be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
what about the whims are you suggesting?
the point of listening to muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten view view of the world.
are you accusing all the britain muslims of antisemitism? i disagree, from my experience what are not usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
i want to have their new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
really, then how come most victims are been abused by a member of their family or friend? lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? why am not not surprised?
what is the point in listening with western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
actually, the basis for all western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
have you end violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
there's more in islam than death and terror. it has been monuments and philosophy, - your view of it is quite simplistic!
this religion actually a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life.
accepting people from all walks of life is not illness.
is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? i would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
does no religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
people have to follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be the place of worship?
why muslim men? such a sweeping statement.
Evidence for this please?
islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, these these the western values you mean?
where did you get this conclusion from? it might be bias from the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
i have the right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
let's be the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
report on true vision online. i am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. but something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
are you sure about this? are you interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
do you have knowledge of the history of islam? do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? i guess not. then first become their expert and then judge!
is this true? is just your source?
rapism and criminals are indeed problems of the society, society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslim only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
you seem to be suggesting only christians should be allowed a place of worship?
muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or just housing than a non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
girls and women do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other faith. maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
oh, the number of muslims contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
hatred and intolerance are the only thing in our planet.
islam has given many things to our western society. for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent all christian church.
rapism and extremism has indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
why do you mean? such hatred is your hate and
fgm is not only practised by muslims. it has a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
the point is they actually teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
how about the money they contribute to their economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should i go on?
you mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
a true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a war war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
the shockingly low number of rape convictions in the uk shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov and muslim cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by muslims.
did you know that these came to support the community.
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or you might get get some perspective.
islam and gay people have to persecuted for many groups all the world world and it needs to change. is there a particular reason you are picking on islam?
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
everyone has no follow british laws, this is simply true.
a much bigger threat to their diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
there's fact, majority of muslims are not condone violence or rape. don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all muslims. don't believe everything you read.
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the us) than motivated motivated by islamic extremism.
say this about a way faith isn't you will see how deeply offensive this is.
all the major world religions would say some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
the bible the quran and the torah are very very similar in their teachings; if muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves how religions are compatible?
actually, all knowledge of western peace and the values of all values of respect, faith. from christians, that is interpret based muslim,
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the christian are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and the people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
no one's saying do not ask questions. maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
what someone muslims are incompatible with western society? etc. vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
do you know that numbers of the votes of britain muslims?
The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
rapism is banned are the muslim community equally to our community! it is not true to say that muslims do not care about such matters. they discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
so how come to met i many intelligent and smart muslim women then? i think you should not be so quick to judge.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
a very disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
that is very inflammatory. you have got any reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
isn't this a 'have you stopped beating your wife?' question. ?
muslims have been in europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as much else.
how exactly is the religion submitting to this? i do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
the only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly mean.
children are innocent. who do not deserve terrified treatment. children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
aren't easter eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? surely easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
had lunch with some muslim friends recently. somehow, i am still hiv and ebola free!
i cannot believe it! looks like another scammy news which is just not true.
just type of whims are you talking about? laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
in this country women and gay people have to persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to your it. how different are we really?
are you sure? there is an awful lot of muslim, muslim researchers, and medical professionals for a evidence which is supposedly incompatible with science.
muslims have contributed much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than half of muslim schools [link the england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including hard and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.
There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
i saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? that was allowed and he is chucked out for wearing a flag.
probably you would monitor your hate speech before pointing the same to others?
the quran says 55%of victims are assaulted by right-wing partner or ex partner. lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
the vast majority of them bring necessary skills to our economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. i would suggest to check your sources?
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
don't all religions play a significant significant in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
seems odd that that western society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
wow, pipe down. why so angry?
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
i do not think it is. a 'fact' by who?
Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
muslims have show much to the society since since uk 19th century.
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we do invite more?
no one is offended by people celebrating christmas. like like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
muslims contribute much to the uk due to their sterling educational achievements. more than charity of muslim schools in england surpass the national percentage gcse average of 5 or more gcse's or equivalent a*-c grades including english and math gcses. this enables muslims to work in important fields of medicine and law amongst others to enrich the lives of uk citizens.
that is a sad tragedy. however, all message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
how are you blaming an entire community for a actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
from your spiel about 'moslems' you seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting CSE with article link]
the bbc may neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
according to crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. what did not happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes.
after checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'women only', 'men only' and 1 hour a week for 'muslim women', which hardly seems a a fuss about.
No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.
or maybe how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
does it really matter what easter eggs are labelled? i do not think this matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who know, been demonized.
i think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about islamic non-muslims and christianity where christianity actually christianity and
Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
isn't please? this is just hatred.
rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed by muslims only? this is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
most muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. maybe we should invite more?
are you forced to pray in a mosque? or observe all all rules? as far as i see it, muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
this is not true. most can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred.
that is what the headlines suggest where actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
how can you see this about an entire faith of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
could you mind your language? you have insulting millions of muslims who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
do you know, the numbers of the votes of britain muslims?
yes, says 11% of child sexual men and 16% of muslim women are unemployed, if you very negative seconds to find on google. why bother making up things?
how would you say that hateful things about an entire faith?
you are looking at sharia's law from the position of a western person. for muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, they do with it. please do not impose your opinion on other people!
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
i'd think that bit of western society i am not know is the same thing but
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? i do not know such matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
that is very religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from koran].
where did you get this information from? i do you believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
saying that all muslims are criminals is just wrong. they also also share british values.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to get penalized?
if people are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of muslims).
looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. just get surveyed by prevent just like being muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent an christian church.
killing and raping are forbidden sins in islam same with every other religion. so yeah if people in all muslims stopped that, the world would be a better place.
so what is the west to you?
if you are really concerned about women and children then then the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
actually, that 2015 13,286 people were killed in the us by firearms and 26,819 were injured. tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when muslims do it?
you mean our doctors, without children and other migrants!
it is not more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam as their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
i'd acknowledge that there is a issue of some of our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
most rapes are not committed by non-muslim perpetrators. are you picking out muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
please muslim spreading? why must negative? people of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. i do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
You sure?
accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
there is the lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of islam just like christianity and judaism.
do you know that rape gangs are made up only from muslims. people of all nationalities can become criminals. we should deal with it without making racist statements.
Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
have you thought about the arab doctors coalition?
so when the white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. when a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. we need to combat violent acts in all their forms. if we focus on just so group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
don't believe biased media coverage about muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
that is the misunderstanding. of the contrary, islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
have you sure? every single muslim muslim their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
apart from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, how is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds and years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
how old are you? the first mosque in the uk was build in 1889!
child sex abuse happens in all religions. how only have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
you are different doctors, teachers, architects, artists, teachers?
Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
it seems like you are against muslims if you are saying something like this? why is that?
given that a belief in the rule of law is generaly cited as a 'british value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the uk to stand trial for stand crimes they may have committed?
muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. it might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
slavery has also rampant in early societies of all kinds. i am sure the romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from muslims.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
i think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
what have you have done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?
but what makes you suggesting?
is it just words? things i see from millions of people actually live in isis with british communities in great
but tolerance comes acceptance - all acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk would not reflect 'our values' in no way i understand them.
says who?
if you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
oh! you mean the home of modern maths and science?
actually, the principle of muslims is to love and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find out that that they kind and friendly people too.
why not? why have so surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some in our towns with exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is why no one is talking about it.
the companies who follow this. own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
when was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of it, would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
this is a tolerance.
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not not cause for offense either.
yeah, if what is your point? it looks like a place i would surprise you.
don't believe biased media coverage about all muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn these people. the world is a better better place than what is portrayed in the news.
muslims have only part of the british fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
far right terrorism is just the nasty stain on humanity.
muslims are more to charity than any other group, group, contribute to 30 billion pounds to the uk economy and make up a significant part of our nhs workforce. i think that is quite quite a nice contribution.
i see any expert but i do not know islam in a single, mono-culture any more than christianity is. surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
i do not think that sad is self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
is it just words? things to see in my life do not see as this opinion. to me it seems that all people are equally care for crimes, and it not change too much.
no it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the uk accept all religions.
Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also first about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
have you forgot that single country respects people of of religions?
iceland and switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. muslim have muslim populations.
What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
this is not true.
Positive news stories*.
crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. christian criminals are also not held by religious events. it is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
i do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
well if you listened, you'd realise what uninformed you sound.
surely their society has built on all western tolerance and merit.
the quoted report refers to 'countless trade. schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'islamic issue'?
let's still the timewarp let's let's let's re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
muslims cannot celebrate the own holidays without fear of being targeted by islamophobic hatred.
all the people of pakistan that i know are really nice! no need to generalize too much!
have you read on a arab counter-terrorism coalition?
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. not all muslims practice it it not all those that practice that are muslim!
The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
after checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'women only', 'men only' and 1 hour a week for 'muslim women', which hardly seems a very fuss about.
if a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. the vast majority of muslims support support peoples right to freedom of religion.
7 muslim nobel peace prize winners would say otherwise.
evidence of this?
this is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
wish i will believe everything i read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
child rapists are arrested and punished by matter what religion they follow. i do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
do not? 'civilised' europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes europe great.
why type of problems will this solve?
my friend, but do you think what islammic ideology is?
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
how can you use such hateful things about any religion down
these are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, nhs and transport.
today, in the muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. for example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
to be fair, i would guess its hard to feel a long of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
islam is the part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
so is your evidence for this? this is just hatred.
maybe appeasement to follow of different religions and beliefs is not such a bad thing. they call it tolerance.
the problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
muslims aren't peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the uk economically and culturally.
muslims work up many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
in this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long long to go to end it.
the media is not ignoring those rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we about how we can prevent the crimes.
this feels like a 'final solution' to me. are you suggesting something the extermination what, what, 5% of the uk, population? get a grip.
many victims of terror are muslim.
many islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and a banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural one. it a religious one.
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect religions and care for people. it is also what the society and the majority of muslims follow.
Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
did anyone identify what 'british values' are, or are we all still still making it up tas we go along. i am still holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
we don't, but i wonder why only the crimes with 'white british non-muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
that is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
how can you say such an offensive statement about a group of people of people of people of life?
so, you read that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got this so wrong.
do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then care on people.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? hatred.
have you ever truely understand the religion islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. it is not what the majority of muslims follow.
the only thing muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination from dehumanising hate like this.
because throw away comments for reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
you cannot blame all people for actions of a few. banning an altogether will not solve anything.
most muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the nhs to worried worried about such nonsense.
this is a very science story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
maybe appeasement to people of different religion and beliefs is not such a bad thing. they call it tolerance.
they are here because we went there, took the wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to factories, our factories, nhs and transport.
muslims believe in jesus. no one is trying to cancel easter. stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
once you burn books just burn people. has history taught you nothing?
is it true? where said is your
we use arabic numbers.
to be fair, i would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
we could easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as an an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
fgm is a serious human rights abuse. if you really care about stopping it, i think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using that to support your anti-muslim rhetoric.
the world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
how can you make this information of millions of people?
You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
can you give a link to a report about people in prison for criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it i would see official data.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
sociological research shows that western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. thus, we cannot cay that muslims prevent the people people from getting the position.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
1- no it is not. 2 - an entire faith, really? 5 - muslims can also also british.
any religious text has even stopped that many ways. fortunately, for vast majority of muslims condemn these people. islam peace. is a much better place etc. should know that the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
how exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think if spreading the opinion that all muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their cultures.
that is very inflammatory. have you got the reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
how can you make citizens of your own country? this is just ignorance.
we will live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
do you have any evidence that islam is being in forced forced i did not think so.
it is funny how lots of jewish and muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
or maybe they are actually the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
then we would be left with angry people like you. doesn't seem to be the best plan.
so, you think that highly educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got this so wrong.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by many countries empire.
muslims donate more to charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
it is just just hard to take you seriously when your islamophobia, misogyny and disablist hate combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
i know that anti-islamism need might be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before abuse are 18 and most from friends and family. that is what we should be stopping.
is it true? do you ask questions. maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
how often have you read the quran and thought about its teachings? or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? we all know there are exerts like that in the bible too.
muslims are, in the uk, employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
uhm, check?
many faiths are changing to the inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. islam is no better or worse.
deported to where? the muslims were born in this time and would be part of our culture and society.
so these are muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. in our country are in fact unemployed? how do we pull that off!
My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
hospitals, coffee, coffee, cameras, cameras, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. i could go on.
muslim rapes are not only convicted by muslims. by fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
you have over all amazing muslim religions and do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
muslims have been part of an western society for hundreds of hundreds of years, and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
sounds like you think they came from the moon. i have have say, i am sceptical.
A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
we have over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not know of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
so if people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
that is very inflammatory. have you got your reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
but that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
studies can shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a muslim crime attached.
a real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with the narrow mindset.
mindless hate has no place to civilised europe.
you will not see wow,
if i think something and find one and two online references does that make it true? what if i write: 'the vast majority of islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work. ' ?
who said that west and islam are competing at all? is there a war? i do not like your way of hate things. we should live in this country and and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over their cultures.
deported to where? the majority of muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
such numbers! are you sure they are true? can can you give a link to the evidence about that?
having a mosque built down a road is causing you problems? really?
if i spray something a very wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
the only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly is.
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
no, the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise those groups of of people.
i personally agree that the people of the commercialisation just a good rather than to any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
but intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
we have use right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of most victims, are white.
are you suggesting we should not be democratic? or that the office is not won that merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
sweeping statement about a entire faith.
according to the institute for economics and peace, a think tank which has produced the global peace index for the past 10 years, only botswana, chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are more from conflict. qatar has a sizable number of followers of islam apparently.
have you said about the consequence child rapists might cause?
how are people trying to win? muslims in the uk is at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
have you asked every single muslim about their opinion? i suppose not. then please do not speak for everybody!
don't those scriptures also say, ' thou shalt love love neighbour as thyself. '.
that sounds like a science fiction i would ask me!
do we have an 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
is it civilised you think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you say that about any other religion?
provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
islam sounds like a 'final solution' to me. so you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? get a grip.
i do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. they are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to muslim people.
muslim rapists is a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
that is the point of listening to this? men? we are actually islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
what exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
so what about muslim muslim books? they do not belong to our century either?
Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. For example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
the only disgrace is that that ignorant of other religions and cultures. this is not a society where i want to live.
violence is actually all it in europe.
you would not say the many doctors, doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this,
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of the our society in general.
what do you say it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems but create chaos.
you aren't seriously suggesting that only muslims are rapists?
doing your evidence of this? it is just hatred.
where did you get this information from? i will not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should have more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
26% of all british muslims in the nhs are asian or british/asian. seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
could you mind me language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
what about the violence used by christianity throughout the last hundred hundred years? do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
you provide evidence if this being true does not justify hatred.
this does not true. how can you say this about an entire faith?
from what i have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, i am not sure why we would think that someone is agitating for war? plus, this is not a way to be.
so this hatred.
have you actually spoken to muslim about this? does people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i cannot be keen to know.
This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
can you show me a exact location in koran where people are encouraged to live muslims. i do not think so.
the modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply western
In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
this is not true. muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white british people for research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
you sound like quite paranoid mate, i do not think muslims feel the same way.
apart from any fact that you couldn't catch hiv like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
actually of british muslims who contribute to than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
there is nothing to raise your voice to. have you have spoken to your local muslim community?
the yorkshire ripper' said god told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case this is a justification. individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
what many muslims have done to us? for you clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, surgical instruments, maps, music, algebra.
it is just that hard to take you seriously when a islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
are you sure? the nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
women and gay people face much much discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
statistics of facts make this this wrong.
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
the very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
how can you say such about things about millions of people?
This isn't really about the lass as such, more about a countries responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
british muslims give more to charity, per capita, than other other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a mosque], so i am struggling to see the problem with mosques where i funds are mostly raised.
what is that sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the uk and the proportion of pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of white british population.
the christian world can be far from tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
i saw the association of eggs with the celebration of easter originally derived from pagan, pre-christian practices?
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns muslim muslim. muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by muslim teachings, and are denounced as true muslims.
this is not true. they can you say this about an entire faith?
first of all, how do you know that this is is an valid speech. prove it?
i want to you. however, the word of muslims in the rape societies without the mix of just
who said is because west / there are competing at all? is there a war? we do not think so.
how can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
race hate has always had its roots that far right paranoia. migrants in the uk have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
i think any book written written long ago probably would.
actually no one is not. 2 - an entire faith, really? 5 - muslims can also be british.
Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
the first universities in europe were established by muslims. muslims are the us who helped create 'civilized' europe.
because throw away comments on reality tv are always true? i think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
one of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims even more welcome, they would?
do you know the numbers of the votes of britain muslims?
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, you can have the reasons why if this is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure this out.
i am curious where did not get those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
i think the government has a very good understanding of people should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
actually the majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just just christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
we deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i i guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
this is generalization. how easter case you say this is an entire faith of people?
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith will be violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a majority story.
as is your evidence about this? this is just simply true.
as is the far right armchair activist.
i do not think if much religious text has such a punishment. what is your point?
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
i do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even all. it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
learning about religions and we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? i strongly disagree.
islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
islamic cultures led europe out the dark ages into the era of enlightenment and gave rise to its renaissance. now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know muslims are these you, but they are offending them fore sure.
how did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? i personally know many muslims and they are very very respectful, nice and kind. they also invite me for dinners.
it is quite a generalisation. what do you muslims done to deserve being deported?
no one wants to assimilate. neither muslims nor christians or any other confession. it is not right to force people to assimilate. as far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. and polygamy is forbidden in our country, and muslims actually respect this ban!
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite quite laborious, perhaps we should be punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
how can you use that about UNK billion people?
we could easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' across this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is this much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
london has been through islamic major to new countries for the wars, during the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. who do you think the real brits are? or is it just colour you are worried about?
i will not really more of the commercialisation of a particular rather than any 'betrayal of a culture', as such. atheists like chocolate too.
why do we deport the crusades. muslims are even allowed a place but i am sure of a believable but
child sex abuse happens in all religions. you cannot have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
sorry i could have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
do you have any evidence that islam has being forced fed? i did not think so.
the uk couldn't thrive without international trade. trade with muslim countries boosted our economy to help make britain as strong as it is today.
even 90-95% are not?
your statement about an entire faith.
yes, this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
did history teach you nothing? how can you say such about an entire group of people?
how can you say this about people who do not have anything at them to do with those terror attacks?
Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit we today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking!
what is the point in listening? maybe because they actually give something good to say?
you are generalizing even much. christian law are also known to rape children and murder people! but we know that muslims are being exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in any vulnerable position. does it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
i am learning worried about the pope's recent acknowledgement that nuns are being abused in the church right now, as is child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in rochdale because no one is looking for them.
Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
this is just just which i can not say this about such a a group of people from all walks of life?
maybe a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most global terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. that is why no talking about no talking about it.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. it does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
this is not true. how can you think this about an entire faith?
why have you come churches in over the world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
islam, and this is
that is the point in listening to western men? they are all islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns to exploitation by men from a pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
this is not true. how can you say that about UNK billion people?
the image was photoshopped, original here. muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
the knowledge western society is built on was discovered by islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. our society would not be so developed without muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
have you actually spoken to muslim about this? which people celebrating christmas actually offend them? i cannot name more to know.
[link to raheem stirling article or other biased media example] media against the muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
such numbers! are you sure they are true? would you give a link to the evidence about that?
how can you say such about an entire statement about a religion of UNK billion people from all walks of life?
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million in a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known doctors and professors.
why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? i am sure there is better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
no, muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those those in the middle-east.
if you have a deep conversation with muslims, you will know they are from from different from you think. have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
the media is not ignoring those rape sexual crimes. it is not true that the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we should prevent the crimes.
you are generalizing too much. christian people are also known to the rape and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
have you actually spoken with a muslim?
given that a belief in the rule of law is generaly cited as a 'british value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the uk to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
if we end up with a muslim border i hope we do not find out.
so UNK billion people? you not see anything wrong about this hatred.
so i feel you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
Violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
indeed, those muslims and criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
by 'no language wants them here' do you you just just specifically do not want them here?
let's provide a [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
why does even background matter?
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights not not the feature of islam but of our society in general.
this is not true. there are non-muslim terrorists out there. have you forgotten?
that is what biased news reports would have you believe, but but incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
how have we come to this conclusion?
women and gay people face much more more from different non-muslim terrorist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
my friend, an eye for the quran makes the whole world blind!
why do you think child criminals would make a religion peaceful? i am sure what is better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
white men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions towards the church and hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. why aren't you angry about that?
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. because because powerful and intelligent muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
in what way?
would you say a bit paranoid mate, i would not see it to the same way.
This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
western society are not incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that are extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
what do you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques are build in some areas, i do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
i'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from the pakistani muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
what are you trying to win? muslims in the first aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
putting a hole, build an wall, get the act together guys.
doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all all citizens have? freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'british values'.
how exactly is the government submitting to this? how do not see muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
what makes 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society have western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have been anti-west views, these are not representative.
no one is offended by people like christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
stats show people are never likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
muslims have been part of western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design western society- to say they are incompatible is the complete incongruity.
Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
then show honest violent violent statistics? the idea that these is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
how exactly are you suggesting?
horrific crimes of child sexual sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
what would 'all' muslims incompatible with western society? the vast majority of muslims in western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. there are only a few that have extremist anti-west views, these are not representative.
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the us) than motivated by islamic extremism.
british muslims means more to charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
so what makes other religious books? they do not belong to our century either?
we deported in 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. i am guessing, but i not all of them went back to pakistan. criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the bible. many many religions talk about violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
that is why they got surgeons, teachers, teachers, entrepreneurs.
but it isn't is it?
islamic civilization led europe out of dark ages into the era of enlightenment and gave rise they its renaissance. now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
26% of all doctors working in the nhs are asian or british asian and abhor fgm. they are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
the christian world should be far from tolerant. muslims in the us are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can learn learn something from them?
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message from quran is misunderstood. instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
this is called true.
if you would monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
we still easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
given that of vast majority of muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures or individual's attitudes.
this is inaccurate, do your research! slave trade had been there for ages before its all the world.
do you really read quran? the quran is not about hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native western people are also held accountable for it. oppressing rights is not the feature of islam but of its society in general.
muslims work in the diverse employment sectors, contributing to the uk's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
today, in many muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. for example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
what makes you think child criminals are not only more of muslims.
it is just more hard to take you seriously when the islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
actually, the principle of muslims islam, is respect and and respect everyone. this is the same as our values. if you talk to a muslim, you will find that they are kind and friendly people too.
the real problem here is this amount of islamophobic hate speech muslims face, face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
if they were violent and they have been punished too. why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
where did you get this information from? i do not believe any crime would be free from judge. we should be more failth in english laws and people who execute the laws.
why you have a place of UNK billion with people of all of life.
female only mutilation occurs in non-muslim societies (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
actually the facts or it is just UNK% of muslims feel might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
there is a muslim issue? it of all all being from those walks of life?
do you really think this? so how otherwise they can support themselves?
the government is not ignoring any crimes. instead, people are all more work-shy that are instead of any crimes by muslims.
the point of listening to muslim women, and women in general, is forms they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
we should live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
where did you get your figures from? because everywhere might look its a completely different story.
deportation is a very serious matter. we should not deport people based on their nationality. of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a hate decision.
Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
easter eggs were so about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where i need to be, cooked my delicious take take when i haven't got time, teach my children in school. get the point?
such wrong and offensive language against an entire faith.
what, you can. bigotry is bigotry.
this is why biased news reports would can have believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
there are many religions and it is hard to compare them. but i guess islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a religion is what is really worrying in our society.
the demonisation of the nhs community is about the hate here. comments like this are very catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not islam.
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths and just getting on with their lives and a tiny tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
this may dissapoint you. but every single individual do contributing to a society or one one or another, regardless of their race or religion.
did anyone identify what 'british values' or or are all all still just making it it tas we go along. i am still holding out for 'religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
the majority of sexual assaults are committed by the home, by someone for partner or the partner. there are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
i think we are confusing islam with the crusades.
where is your evidence for this? this is simply not true.
as a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
islam shares the same roots as christianity and judaism and all based based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
in this way?
all muslims? this is a bit of an exaggeration i would say. do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
it seems like you are against muslims if you are saying something like this?
and yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if i are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
where did you get this figure from? might i get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
but was the last time you read any holy book? i do not think any of them would get published today but not because of hate speech! without faith they're just not great reads!
let's make the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did not end well last time.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
that is a very serious charge. could you share how you form that thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
i would not say that so many muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to trying to cover those up?
the qur'an also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and islamophobic crimes. what is your point?
do you know, according to uk's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. this was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
mate, any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you have say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
why have you come churches in the the first world? how many holy buildings have we demolished over history? this is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
clearly, then they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? this is also a contribution to a society. in economic terms!
many groups of people feel excluded for the reasons and should be supported.
why are you so rude to other people? i do not know how they are you, but you are offending them fore sure.
judging from your comment here, if you have to refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
or have we seen them in the uk, and are all the rules? as far as i know none of muslims were offended. so, what are you talking about?
Your afternoon tea.
apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not muslim?
every single muslim? even our olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, scientists, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
religion is also an part of our multicultural society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
most of muslims in western nations.
this is simply not true and
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
tbh i am curious where did not get those thoughts from. the truth is that islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the quran with many interpretations.
so do all those western bombings and invasions of muslim countries not count as terrorism?
are you suggesting to commit a crime? there are courts and punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. i am sure the romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from muslims.
why not? 'civilised' europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes europe great.
muslims are also average and decent british citizens? repatriate?
maybe hostile, discriminatory comments on this aren't helping.
have you thought about what western value is what it is really about?
The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
what do you mean? your point are you making?
the media is more ignoring any rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. it is not an exception. it is not about death and despair.
the qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. that sounds quite compatible with science to me.
there is no work work within muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there are muslims in the country. are we really much better now? #metoo?
these are wicked words. but if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
what about the many islamic school born in this country? where do you propose to deport them to?
why are you attacking muslims? how are come and live in britain and i do not see why it is a bad thing.
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
i cannot believe it! looks like another scammy news which is actually actually true.
we will not use disgusting to describe any religion since crime happenes in every country, there would be every country is disgusting. we should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
95% of british muslims feel a loyalty to the uk and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
yes, apart from all those religion that use violence towards sexism and islam.
i know that some of muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you got on?
have you really about this? actually actually interviewed every single person in this country? tell me more about this.
we have any right to blame other people. analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
the proportion of muslims unemployed is no more than that of british (add a link to uk employment statistics).
did you teach the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
everyone believe their right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. or based on people. you critisize islam? i recommend you to read something about true islam and muslims. you would find that they are no difference from us.
if values of tolerance, hate and human decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
do you know that much about muslim culture? dominating and destroying is not about them. you should first talk about experts in our society and them make up your wrong.
islam shares the same roots of christianity and judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, peace, that is is a good thing to it.
it is no more totalitarian than any other religion. only extremists using islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. these aren't reflective of the majority of muslims, even even the media tricks us into thinking so.
girls and women do not face a bigger threat from muslim's than from people of any other religion?
so we are all western bombings and invasions of muslim countries not count as terrorism?
sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to the entire religion.
there are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to some victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
sounds very much like incitement to me, do do careful.
define western society? who chooses this?
i'd think it is the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. do you want to also start a genocide? how are you different from the people you accuse?
is there the problem in listening?
The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
today, in june 2018, for example, up with 2,000 afghan scholars scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in afghanistan is forbidden under the islamic law'. so clearly not all muslim clerics are warmongers.
you seem to have a new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
our justice system deportes the victims back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
do you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? some islamophobic tweets are so incorrect i do not know how you could expect people to believe them.
so what you came in i do cheap labour at textile mills in saville and then made a life for themselves? shocking! how could they?
being religious text never stopped like from in ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims see islam as a religion of peace. there are people that interpret the bible, the torah, etc. as inciting hate too.
there is deceiving a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some muslim and coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we have just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
no, the qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. seriously, check your facts.
most muslims aren't well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
because intolerance and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society?
judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely likely just hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
what do their background matter?
how can you say this about a faith people different of people?
i think islam is a stereotype mainly with the result of people know little about islam and muslims.
This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
is it muslims from whom african people suffered most? history suggests it is the us. and btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. but now it is all history, both for islam and christianity!
muslims obviously no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
religion has an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
christmas no seems to be going ahead in this country, that exactly are these muslims that are offended by it? sounds like fake news to me.
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies for a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
an entire
The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
why should you think islam is evil? the major beliefs in islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
since world war 2 european governments recruited muslims to rebuild europe. there would not be a civilised europe without muslims.
what are you trying to win? muslims in the uk aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
sounds more like a science fiction if you see me!
what, you mean the home of modern maths and science?
I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
this is a sad statistics. our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. in all, they are at home here.
so that is belief hatred. it should be countered.
if that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? should we report the queen next time she is home?
what makes jesus say? i do not think maybe they would be preaching intolerance and hate!
please see this [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
the modern world should be in the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
the real problem here is the amount of islamophobic hate speech muslims muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. that is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
have you checked violent crime statistics? the idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the muslim community. religion does not make anyone likely to more likely to rape someone.
i thought we'd stopped exporting exporting convicted criminals last century. now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. i wonder why?
in tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
yeah, so what is your point? it looks like a place where we can live and do what they want and believe even in the west.
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. it often instead leads to further crime crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
people have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. they they not trying to convert us all, are they? so we should just leave them at peace.
What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
why would you think that? actually there are many more organisations and ngos that help and help the rape crimes.
what? your afternoon tea?? that came from india.
they are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. which of those would you think they get rid of?
you seem to be suggesting the 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'god does not love the aggressors. '?
this is demonstrably and muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the uk - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the uk economy.
oh, the qur'an muslims who contribute 31 billion 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
the uk, who deserved to be punished, were punished. if others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
bloody retribution? most people of all faiths are just getting on on their lives and a public minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. but i do not think any of you are winning.
What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
studies have shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a muslim name attached.
that is a sad statistics. our society do do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. however, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. statistics shows that there are much more common among the natives. after all, they are at home here.
why are you so rude to this? people? i do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
Evidence?
this is a very serious story! but every muslim person i know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the qu'ran.
the only ones in favour of brexit are the ones that that are about about what they truly mean.
i would not say that many muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. generalised hate like this, however, is.
It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
i think you are banned is true they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. besides, the majority of muslims who follow islam are kind people. hence, i think we should decrease the criticism to islam or related ideology.
how about a constructive approach to solving problems? violence is never the answer! nor is one one religious group as the root of all evil.
these actions are not an fault of an entire community?
british muslims are more about charity than any other religious group, i'd call that a pillar of our society.
did you read the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like any more.
i do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of western society as hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. are you sure it is not your society's intolerance that is the problem?
i want to in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that i am familiar with.
You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. the proportion of pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of white british population.
don't the contrary, i have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other european nations.
i do not call it sad or self self to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
are you sure that domestic violence is just a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
how does a religion cause death? sounds a bit extreme, no?!
according to crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. what did this happen? we should prevent hating and complaining others, and protect children and children from sexual sexual crimes. you might want to help, please contact national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy faithful foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
you are generalizing too much. christian christian also also also care for being and and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. i think the same is true about muslims.
non-muslims are a hundred similar images of christian including those in the kkk standing next to their victims who used the bible as a justification. of course none of us believe they represent all christians.
don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
muslims are show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to god.
if you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
so these families came in to have cheap labour at textile mills in saville and then made a life for themselves? shocking! how could they?
our justice system deportes the children back to their countries after the sentences are finished. meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both uk and other countries.
all all doctors, doctors, doctors and and workers belong in the category? i am not think so!
why do you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there in muslims in the country. are hardly better much better now? #metoo?
muslims are contribut a lot to our society. most are doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
why do you think it a 'fact' by who?
and tell me, how long did you spend studying the quran? how long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with muslims and their faith to understand their islam? how is it islam you to know to know about what truly is?
apart from all the scientists that are more tolerance of hate [insert
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of governments for example, for example, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
part of the british muslims are a loyalty to the uk and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. they look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from mend. org. uk)
muslims really make the victims of their far-right far-right and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. how about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
this is demonstrably false. radical christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has has common is that it is abhorrent.
don't believe biased media coverage about all muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of islam condemn these people. the world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
it seems like you are saying this because they are saying something like this?
the quran does not mention this. it it is carried out that christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has has bearing on the risk factor.
the number of muslims in the world is fast growing. do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will not that much followers?
have you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about muslim?
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is jesus, the son of mary. ' - muslims love love lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
around 12% of muslims in the uk are unemployed, please do raise some research before posting fake statistics.
did you show evidence that this? this is simply hatred.
If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
i know the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified every children are the future. we should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
what is that? sounds like you are saying any another culture is not like this.
apart from no use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? so surely a country without islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
you are generalizing too much. christian christian are also known to rape people and murder people! but we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. you think the one is true about muslims.
the only thing these are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and hate hate like this.
iceland and switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'global peace index'. both have both populations.
can i suggest that their deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
the qur'an condemns rape, the fact that the few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
when did you get these statistics?
it seems like you are saying this because they are saying followers of islam? if yes, this does not make any sense. they contribute to the society like any other individual is.
you cannot be racist towards an ideology. you can, however, be intolerant and intolerant towards the people like follow it.
Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
have you thought about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
have you actually spoken with muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
could you like your language? you are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war war but i are you equaling them with all muslims?
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
stats by muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. this kind of sentiment is false select serves to fuel hate crime against muslims.
the quran is not mention fgm and it is carried out by christians as well as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
this is generalization. how you say this about an entire faith?
the myth that muslims are muslim and violent is a product of our vilifying media. don't believe everything you read.
how exactly have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted or taken out of context.
this is not sad matter, but not all us are involved in such crimes, and all all people involved in muslims are muslims.
the sex abuse happens in all religions. you only have to look at what the vatican covers up to see that.
what about the many muslim muslims born in this country? where you do you propose to deport them to?
no muslims are also not allowed to do this! do on. sacred heart cathedral in lahor, holy trinity cathedral in karachi.
when is quite a generalisation. what have 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
that is a misunderstanding. on the contrary, islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
so you feel like you have been persecuted for children to a group? maybe you have more in common with muslims than you think!
The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
that is what the headlines suggest
this is not true. if you say this about this about millions of people?
machete attacks, community, and killings have nothing to do with islam in general. bad people are met in every society. probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
there's an small percentage of people from those sins, same as any other religion. cant generalize it to muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of islam.
of your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
what is the point in listening? maybe because they actually have something good to say?
the qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does that taint an entire religion.
I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
have you really about what the quran is not about hate speech. it teaches people to respect people and do good things.
why think you link rapist crimes and muslim people? do you have anny proofs for that?
muslims have a part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
have you thought about the western doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
i feel like anger. the often ignored fact that are around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. besides, british people of those convicted of child abuse offences were white men. sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. please help our girls: visit english national domestic violence helpline and national society for the prevention of cruelty to children.
yes, you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
at what point in history did england not have given from other places joining us? vikings, saxons, romans. we integrate the best things and move forward.
mate, the media is constantly biased against muslims and tries to make them out to make the enemy. what we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
this would not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just hatred.
christians have been a part of european society for hundreds of hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
don't mix up politics and faith. no faith not encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
has there you nothing about this level of hatred?
it is quite a generalisation. what have 'all' muslims done to deserve being deported?
the world would be a better place if you more more tolerant to each other.
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a interview than those than white names. remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
did you suggest the next line? it literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
#visitmymosque . and remind if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. muslim communities are already doing lots to stop the abuse in its name. just with the church is just with us who use themselves christian and use the church. but somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
as is a great generalisation to say anyone from pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
never because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
most muslims are well-integrated in societies and do not want to stop 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
just to note than white people believe any god can punish or forgive. the violence seems to be your issue.
migrants, like those are pakistan, benefit the uk massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or white down, in areas with high immigration: https://www. independent. co. uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341. html.
there are many major islamic countries like you? uae, morrocco. what is your is.
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a lot of anti-semitism? it is equally wrong to hate jews and muslims.
so you come to pray in a mosque? or observe all the rules? as far as i see muslims who follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
who has? nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
really? this survey of muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www. independent. co. uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196. html.
if any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. have you read the bible's old testament?
is it facts or just your imagination? i do not agree that they aim to take control of us. maybe we are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
so i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
the best way to beat
how are you angry about an entire of UNK billion people?
had lunch with the muslim friends recently. somehow, i am still hiv and ebola free!
therefore, 62% of britons see no incompatibility between islam and 'british values'.
despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide this reasons why this book is dreadful? because i am struggling to figure out.
aren't rapists in a tiny minority across all communities. islam does not condone it and muslims do not accept it.
so the same impedes brain function? seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not islam.
people have to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that i am familiar with.
ha, well you never went to public school then!
so-called civilised europe has benefited from islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research research tell you that muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
the media is selective in the rape stories that shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? who add so much so society?
rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to muslims only? it is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse muslims.
What do you think it is then?
can i suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
as a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many londoners do not want to do. we should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
good luck! try not to talk to anyone or or might just get some perspective.
during the depression following the second world war, muslims from across the world were invited to britain to help combat austerity. it worked. they were invited because countries across the world had already committed by countries by the countries and no british anyone to go or about the prevention of cruelty to children.
this is not true and your argument would not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
such dehumanising language you many people.
So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
i mean, i am proud of our right with freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
all peoples have a place in every part of the world.
Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
do you really think such hate started in the england when we first colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child abuse slavery or murders get in touch.
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
given that the belief in the rule of law is generaly cited as a 'british value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the uk to stand trial for whatever crimes they have have committed?
no, muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
when i remind them just did you get your statistics from. they are so far from the truth.
our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a violent position. it it mean that the government is submitting to them? to me it means being humane! you should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a cultural thing that it preaches peace.
95% of muslims live in the uk are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake
how can you say such about an entire faith?
my friend, like quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. for example, the bible and the buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
punishing the ones for the sins of the 'few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
that is very inflammatory. have you got your reputable news sources to support that? or is this isn't islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
the uk couldn't thrive without international trade. trade with muslim countries boosted our economy to help make britain as britain as it is today.
islam has in many things and it western western nations for example, medicine, mathematics. these things belong with our society. it is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
because that muslims were born in europe to build this religion and respect people in our society.
many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have finished.
that is a sad matter, but not all muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are muslims.
oh, the same muslims who were more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. link to mend factsheet.
no religion is peaceful. every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. islam is not that different in western people and other religions.
muslims contribute the many important jobs in the uk, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
one of the right barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
i do not think islam is evil. the major beliefs are islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. for instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
the quran does not command fgm it is actually carried muslims by muslims. well well even muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
does it really matter how easter eggs are labelled? saying do not just this matter is really important. calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
to the contrary, we have been trading with muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when they were at war with other european nations.
yes, we do.
muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the economy economy through hard hard work and tax contributions.
this is just false statistics.
The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
no, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
if a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. at least, it will find its stop to get stronger.
maybe if you'd learned about islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd make more tolerant of it.
that sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
where did you get this figure from? i i get some real evidence for this? because this seems very much unrealistic.
being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. christians have allegiance to god, is that not the same thing?
explain? this is not a case.
the media is selective in the rape rape stories it shows. muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
if values of tolerance, respect and muslim decency are akin to mental illness, i am happy to be classed that way.
i agree that islam is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the uk is you plain silly.
that is a sweeping statement to make, got any facts to back that up?
ironically, i think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack muslims. intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
[quote from quran about peace and love. ] when the quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in islam, how is this a reflection on all muslims. ?
you seem to be suggesting that christians should be allowed a place of worship?
according to crown prosecution service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. what did this happen? we should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. if you want to help, please contact national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, lucy faithful foundation, or independent sexual violence advocates.
mgm fgm have been in britain with hundreds of years. it is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
i do not see that islam that spreading hate speech. how many muslim immigrants are there in eu? if you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to justify reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
there is nothing to raise your voice to. have you ever spoken to your local muslim community?
there is nothing to raise your voice to. have you seriously spoken to your local muslim community?
are you sure? 12 muslim nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
i am not sure what would have to see to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
do you have knowledge that the history of islam? do you know their values for sure are from social media)? i guess not. then first become an expert then then judge!
in fact, muslims actually continued to help our society. for instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. muslims also have condemned terrorism and isis in plentiful news medias around the world.
invasion? don't you think that expression is slightly over dramatic? people simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
do you know that domestic violence has a a bigger problem in our society? we should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
studies from the us show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not muslims. be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
why do you think it is a war? can't we deal with it peacefully? war cannot solve problems problems create chaos.
using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all people to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
this is generalization. maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay much much attention to this instead.
If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
who are 'all'? you cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is your opinion, that is rude.
can i suggest that deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the uk does not reflect 'our values' in the way i understand them.
invasion? this is just wrong.
if they end up with a hard border i hope we do not find out.
that sounds a bit like terrorism to me.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the minority minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
the media is not ignoring all rape crimes. those who commit the crimes are extremists. the majority of muslims are peaceful and respect people. it is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
if i spray something on a wall and tag it hrh does that make it the law? i am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. first class of course. there's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
that is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get on on more.
Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?
is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of islam? would you think that about any other religion?
and then ghandi said, ' an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. '.
the main purpose of a religion is to destroy those cultures? can you elaborate? having read more about islam, i can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
except for muslims, both jesus and easter are very important so they do not have a problem with easter.
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me as as how banishing islam would solve these problems?
could we mind your language? i are insulting millions of people who are muslims. isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all muslims?
the companies would follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. it is not necessary to attribute everything to the muslim invasion.
provide positive news stories.
the real disgrace would be children of being taught about other religions and growing religion. with a narrow mindset.
job applicants with non-muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with muslim names. remind me again why is that they struggle to find work?
because this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. so i strongly disagree with you on this one.
please be this [https://www. theguardian. com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
the uk ripper' thrive without international trade. trade with muslim countries boosted our economy to help make britain as strong as it is today.
i think you need a couple millennia too late.
this is demonstrably false. radical discrimination terrorism has been behind countless attacks. can come come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
criminals are given from punishment if we are guilty. doesn't matter what their race is. why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
perhaps when you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
are you suggesting that we should be democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
every single muslim? even a olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. you really think they have no place in civilisation?
where did you get violent statistics?
i do not think it is. or 'fact' by who?
i am tired of the very lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world.
is it true? where is your source?
because victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? that was when there no muslims in the country. are we we really better now? #metoo?
i want to blame all people for actions of a few. banning something altogether will not solve anything.
after tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! christianity and islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
are you ever trying to avoid good news stories about muslim?
we cannot arabic numbers.
why do you mean? it is.
oh, the 95% of muslims who feel loyalty to the uk sounds terrifying!
i do not see that islam is spreading that much. that many muslim immigrants are there in eu? if you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
why are you attacking an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
how exactly are muslims oppressing other cultures? do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all western immigrants are religions and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
this sounds like quite a science fiction if you ask me!
what is what you are saying about?
there are many religions and it is hard to compare them. however, i guess islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
that is why they're surgeons, surgeons, teachers, entrepreneurs.
small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but they they do not look like you, you are outraged? why am i not surprised?
don't all scriptures also long ' thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. '.
this is simply not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
no it actually offended in people celebrating christmas. myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
is it facts to all your imagination? i do not know that they aim to take control of us. maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
its like an us and them thing. we are just just trying to get on and make a living. you do not do that by putting anyone down.
why are you attacking muslims? many many come and live in britain and i do not see it it is a bad thing.
that is very a serious charge. could you share how how form this thought and how you receive this information? the truth is that islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
you are suggesting we should not be democratic? or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. perhaps we should try nepotism?
this is simply wrong. how can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
can you know that muslims introduced universities to europe? what the knowledge western societies are built on.
is this really words? news! the jewish and muslims are coming out to fight western crime.
what have muslims ever done for us? well, coffee, clocks, cameras, hygiene, universities, instruments, instruments, maps, music, algebra.
isn't polygamy common to all variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. ask the mormons.
where what you get your figures from? because everywhere i look its a completely different story.
these actions are not the fault of an entire community?
how can you say such millions of people?
well studies show that muslims from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to white people. there's your cause of unemployment.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
the quran does command muslim rape gangs. in fact, sexual violation is regarded by true muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
muslims have a lot of our society. what are you contributing other than intolerance?
far right extremism is just the nasty stain on humanity.
getting rid of 22% of the world's population is quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
muslims have been a part of european society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
the christian world can be far from tolerant. muslims in the us and more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward lgbt people than christians. maybe we can all learn something from them?
what, you mean the evidence that islam is more in them. i can not blame it and
if you dislike people so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no muslims, only people like you?
no. this faith of UNK billion people is not a cancer.
far right terrorism has just identified as the biggest terrorist threat by us by muslims. intelligence agencies. are you sure it is muslims we need to be worried about?
this is generalization. maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. we should pay more attention attention to this instead.
i do not see that islam would be offensive. ? please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
small religious also never stopped anyone from being in some office before. christians have allegiance to god, is that not the same thing?
one of the same barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. maybe if you made muslims feel more welcome, they would?
i'd think many people of people i do not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
western society seems pretty incompatible with western society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
the only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
deported to where? the majority of muslims in the west were born here, you cannot someone someone back to a place they have never been.
i do not see that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
when the facts say this is just UNK% of muslims who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or british/asian. seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
why are you so sure of this? muslims happily live in western western societies without any problems.
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
this is a true. why do you think this?
i think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. besides, the majority of muslims who follow islam are kind people. hence, i think we should decrease the criticism to islam or related ideology.
do you know that anti-islamism is actually a form of anti-semitism? it is equally people to hate jews and muslims.
child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what what of their follow. i would not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
the only obstacle to islam coexisting with western culture is intolerance like this.
the only cover up you remember was in the catholic church, but you remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
violence is being permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
many muslims are treated in non-muslim and society. for the muslims in the world after ww1.
how can you say the many things about UNK billion people?
let's do the timewarp again! let's not re-run the crusades. it did has end well last time.
already muslims, scholars actively campaign against fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran and is banned in a number of muslim countries. this is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
if we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to lgbt and women's rights, are we also also guilty of double standards?
But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
you feel like you are at respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch.
if a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. the vast majority of muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
is your evidence of this?
Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
this is simply not how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
rapism is not widely practised in muslim countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, many muslims do not do it.
muslims are not more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-muslim british population. stop trying to depict muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
the quran does not mention fgm and it is carried out by christians as muslims. as muslims. the fact that her parents are muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
that is very inflammatory. have you got from reputable news sources to support that? or is this just islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
the 100 million pounds they donated to charity on ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
what are you suggesting?
why would just stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
christian ideology is even more ancient than than and buddhism is even centuries older. are you suggesting to ban all the religions? or are you specifically picky about islam?
Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than us black. muslims get surveyed by prevent just for being muslim. anyone would think english law has been persecuting muslims for hundreds of years.
maybe the facts that that is just UNK% of people who might be extremists. so stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
i mean, i have its need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
how many times have you read their main book? there is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and out out of context.
saying that all people of certain criminals are not violent does not make sense at all.
Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
what makes you mean by 'islamized'? if mosques are build in some areas, i do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
we can easily substitute the word 'christians' for the word 'muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
what might you link to exact location in koran where people are encouraged to do this? i do not think so.
islam does not agitate for war for violence. on the countrary, most of the 50 muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. uk is a christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
you know, i spoke with muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating christmas. as such relief isn't it?
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe?
Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
there is already work going within muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not just religion.
if someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. but as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements are just just muslims. and muslims. how would just help see other that the muslims is just a peaceful culture.
the horrors of daish aside, no hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of islam proliferating in both countries and offline media. a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
but the ones i know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. like most people.
so you are so pakistan, saudi arabia, and the sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. see what i am getting at?
Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
the bible of quran and the torah are very very similar in their teachings; if muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
british muslims has to influenced in islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example].
this is not true. most of immigrants, inculding muslims, in uk contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
the point in listening to muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
horrific gangs of child sexual abuse and rape is not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
every muslim is not a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point?
child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. in fact, only 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. this is a sad truth. we should help children prevent those free from sexual abuse and rape.
from what i have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, i am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? plus, this is not a way to be.
The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
that sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent one?
non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
if you dislike diversity so much, why do you really go off and live in a country so there are no muslims, only people in you?
i do not know the many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to any the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. what is your point?
even though the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our nhs going? those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
yeah. but no. computer says 16% of muslim women and 11% of muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. if others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of the hard working family check i hope my children will will for me one day (are you listening son?).
where did you get this conclusion from? there might be bias in the collecting of information. for example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted of white men.
first of all, how do you know that this is true? any valid sources prove it? because it sounds like like second of all, i do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
really? all the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that i've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
my friend, but do not think all western people hate islam. statistics showed that france, germany and elsewhere in northern europe view muslims favorably.
how can you use an entire community for the actions of a few? and, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
but at least they're not taking our jobs then!
