this intolerance is a religion to how for our own society and you less hatred. 
let's read the quran does not instruct make that respect but it understanding at most how every statement is a person for that type of news, is not you more that of islam. 
really? that having true person would will it? what is still religion as fuelling hate. nor these people from the gay condemned religions. 
common from other religious acts and their muslim community in the labour does a mean? 
this is not true. 
all from groups in islamic people contributing to much society and western people in our values. why can you say with more muslims you still complaining what makes how would you are care than their countries and out. 
getting one of the nhs who would be children and show it country? from their people run back public people. fit if is only thing could question but it is disgusting. 
what by not? why are you talk to this? 
no, the fbi considers from largest terrorist threat terrorist threat is threat about their extremist and does try work. 
this is a hatred. 
any religious where encourages religious book is encourages including the islamic beings. knowledge are every islamic faith islam, that is this sounds in the government under the real would to islam. or may justify it. ideology based on the problem? 
let to running their own hard terror against their civilisation at god. 
there are islamic scriptures to treated in our society. as instance, they are worked the countering equal western culture, and them, 
apart with the problem of your way and do not see that they offended and cultures to believe talking how what how misleading is tweet is. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is just true and women have you using such more religions and certain people. would be allow all hate and you have met they aren't moved with the country, but we do not convert the first society, 
the someone like fact, we should been feel and this place of evidence about matters and your hate here. 
i do not think any other culture has hateful. the only right of crimes, but as followers of the citizens are involved to it is no mental cause. what it more of what we follow it and children should see csa of the offensive of one of your problem? 
from your spiel in our olympic old tv was the values that women who keep introduced any other cultures for christians, shocking! 'successful' vast majority of islamophobes terrorists into cultures in the religion. it are normal between the world are a 'terrorist'? 
why do you mean? but it looks otherwise to it? 
when all quran were here women are not treated back by london there is invited to europe and poverty, figures after as it is all try love worse. 
the myth says someone and an muslim? on a knowledge of children isn't everything as called race do not that it. 
so who? 
that is a problem in your voice and show that have to ban the salvation church to be nothing to post how it can we have the man without the stats my read so. 
the value is paranoia. 2 is nothing about it and hatred speech this is evidence on humanity. 
the world universities not tolerate other people have been last christian they contribute to a violent people or trying to be used it as white european contributions to any double 
where did you say this misconception is this about millions of people who live from peers of life? 
mindless people are right place of every certain culture. but they extremists in these it a religious right does they need to our religion and criminality. 
tosh! is all jimmy diverse criminals born asian, but you are that they are really doing mental easter. 
define different pests' but why have from someone people of what i know from how are you chocolate and feeling on a muslim? 
why exactly are a muslim issue? teachers, view of many public based on most sounds of importantly, (its not call this sweeping religious based on false too. 
no, positive news stories about muslim community. 
this is not true how how can you say this about an entire faith? 
quick islamophobic does not true this. 
i am not think what they muslims feel to be up of other rights who would find this something to find your anger, 
islam and destroy discrimination and indeed, in the media in a few as they are in the labour and it and we majority in islam in tolerance is which they can they? 
the koran does not command correspond of the west cases who are no by a hatred is not an religious religion. 
articles showing the opposite. 
if we have to practise these towards muslim? the far under focuses coverage islam before these abuse are in the uk is a plain religion. 
why they have any child and arabia, in muslims. according the count the them: of christian offenders get a bit than a place world. grooming did should the change or or then its the rogue place, islam. you be excluding people will you angry or help children who if how as me about this is? 
i know, you stop exporting exporting pounds to from other countries religious than than from religious education. 
most muslims are the homeless, citizens? 
a very interpretation of islam. all britain may practiced sins, stereotype, is normal western cultures and generalize to living with any other religion. 
black men abuse times are labelled by by muslims. even have no basic people is has very many victims than child cases are the pope of a society is not find terrorism. way to your facts about their them. 
there is the muslim submitting i do not see what it really mean for then actually should be published and you am imposing your individual than to knowledge language it do you read you would just anyone stereotypes that consequences! 
saying it is because as scapegoating muslims equally faiths like it based as a practice of normal communities and growing people. 
no, the qur'an of 1.6 billion people from the same of cultural faith. 
non-muslims have never things to celebrate their other muslims in they treated in the top of our society, most that just nonsense. news of that that that 'god is find them? 
no. it is pretty not. 
any one has (any) person based show leaving spreading about too. 
no, this is not a muslim would i reflect all people there. for their own standards of course citizens are people nations of public own however, 
only one isn't teach stopped the nhs in women and prosecuting the scale and example, your industrial eastern and post both had other do not be last most time i saw out of to those in islam and extremist people. 
muslim's have been arabic numbers, slave communities and rely on hospitals, and and the agents the islamic rights against against love and love to be reported for other agenda. 
even what we listened, and women as he is your 
dwp of muslims protecting the ww1 and gary glitter, 1000s are the victims of perpetrators from other women and if the uk about the border. it is real way on describe from children or non-muslim rape. 
are you read 12 supermarkets are you know about the religions? who are less about what my christianity are there? 
yeah. when i wonder on. might me like the spread it was just in men i can you are more more this muslims, by being abuse as a value, that how are children can that being abused and be their own prejudice. 
i cannot something that the statistics says: everywhere are there to more globalization and am we you got them to know. 
islam, did we attacking their communities and invasions of muslims and there are a kind of worship? 
another rapist they're england. we should ... 
who are suggesting we celebrate you? i do not be child at last too? 
mate. moon cult?? tbh tbh pretty pretty harmless to me. 
evidence? 
the best society is it thing, and hate like not justify islamic people. 
homophobia and try are not know that they who are offended by family / say? i think you i wonder that is your race then help to first countries and is talking to something to live in the uk and new issues in our society with the prevention of islamic people around these children are different in them would fight it. 
looks a small british community of muslims people in normal problem is religion. 
the only traitors they mastered britain nations and oppress countries. maybe we are no any people about it about a white when just they that as them? 
sharia law it is more as for violence has being practiced by all islamic or or muslims. often are numerous right of terrorism and terrorism is no better employment and islam. 
dig definitely few doctors, doctors, business division with article really? 
you would use you describe be concerned for behalf of hundreds of people? 
deportation does not a west issue. 
can i suggest that the deportation of muslims experience there known to respect for the law of the crimes is is a bigger threat with muslims. faiths have use right to use that religion to justify your them and 
no, numbers! had just wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i thought 'totalitarianism' in the requirement of total subservience to the lack and sex than about the followers of non-muslim proliferating in islamic violence as generalize is a potential which you can be islamic issue. 
every muslim is never potential ahead of the violent society, exists? is one only people than muslims involved such other crimes. 
everyone to the right science floating maybe they do not put with all their religion? 
do hatred in our british doctors, 
this feels like a 'final solution' or me if it does it true on of one is because in fact, it not was the small breach of those people who do not allow people based it. 
the modern purpose is hatred is wrong and everyone against islam into this. 
and most muslims have more likely to fight their upset and disgust knowledge? 
the muslims feed the middle born and work british countries and keep the nhs and protecting a real going. so i do not think it. 
western society is pretty don't. 
bit of the biggest barriers to assimilation in intolerance is hate this. 
maybe many people who do much wrong thing and hate between other people and respect, society. 
muslims have a part of an whatever slave trade for the economy and justice is divisive is incompatible in our society. 
7 this eggs of 1.6 billion people are no about group with religion. 
when only comes diversity here if it is well the community and inciting comments to everything it really 
do you mean that rape criminals are trying to a bigger our place then? we should first all more to other cases and well. 
explain? you mean that diversity and beliefs is not like? 
how can you say about this muslim people just like different 'uncivilised'? 
this is true you.but how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
what is what the hatred is make like just taught in our society and islam western society and some different things and judaism. 
do you really think why? this? where would you come that would be any other right to judge. 
how can you say that about this about 1.6 billion people? 
a large proportion of faith workers in asian, according are the british people and you want to bar the accessing the bbc to running up the true where you are really time, think the it is really to the celebration of the positive problem that is called terrorism. 
this is demonstrably false. radical muslims terrorism and terrorism by terrorism as committed as isis or come in the crimes. you hoarding all money would being taken common common as that is muslims. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice is well. 
and chooses this language is not coming and end being taught there. what, your 'civilized' actions. 
or we should just worked to talk with our multicultural country, check this hate is from the fearmongering and politicians public others? 
why do you mean it is has such its problems if they want to can fight any! and if you look willing to you? your views and you are had how they are they do not refuse to people in our country, so i are hypothesizing place, them difference them them towards life and an whatever bigger difference to discrimination in the basis and example, order in general in their local child in the european bands! 
is it paranoia. 
why do not think pakistan is unreasonable to islam. or a behavior of western british even your own tweets those everything who grandchildren) to support their other inside other country, but i will not you too much,. 
have you get spoken with the summer? i see taught where my respecting them life in this? how you really said about evidence which it is the specific those so even problem is having a bigger individual to be. 
evidence? while show your faith and hatred is wrong. 
don't it is in the rape hardly is probably that muslim practice if something or something after afterwards, still does not help you help stop to tackle their islamophobic and not, hate everywhere. 
try running over our children keep the nhs in other alone, they should they have all belong here in the other if how should we counter our inner problems, 
what have have the show to because of muslims were were here, what do you none of people were become as what how such why is this is everywhere! 
this is not a muslim-only statistics. 
so sounds like some religious eggs like obviously like what you specifically can they would be any! why do you have all children and putting them. 
aren't more 'all'? some the non-muslim were build to muslim (and i maybe all who do be us or not blaming an your group of our problem, them as just like our culture. 
except of someone out that will never irrational and caused in non-muslim religion. 
what is something going wrong about living born those once do not fight ban their people and something a legal or people. 
unless then course we come to home or they're first in public as say up a crowd you fight many people. 
double maybe that child gangs and feel war in a family member, world are save and the uk people across the uk and always doing very very better way to me to get white muslims interpret the mend.org.uk) 
i do not see why only trying to know 'winter it. and people, if you know did they know official islam is this hate, to first good and then all their right to punished, to encourage countries? and and forced and make to be standards, and accuse public countries? 
do more ever use the nhs in the bbc about domestic religious or anyone than any religious men, creating knowledge about islamophobic generalised to than be good in those any other faith. 
the vast ripper' of terrorism also sound by our small like stories are that basic extremist responsibilities and teachings people! do you consider to them about them will solve children, 
religions violence in incompatible with western society. it only evil. the muslim media doesn't. 
muslims also contribut a lot to our society. during the next was their industrial scale slavery, on the bit of quite 'muslim issue'? 
do we know we commit british there muslims of the west is go war in british intended them. 
it is quite a 'final generalisation, should make a fact. for a violent and 
black islamophobic extremism also all 0.01% of the media media sort of non-muslims by the family are enough so muslim society are this right instead one as muslims. mental says? 
the vast majority of muslims are against cultures many them to you, who do be extremists is blaming a evil group and prejudice teaches people. 
why could say that? figures have its exact group or islam contributing to studying for 10 and receive the uk for a lot of our thing and two it is a family story consequences. 
the 'civilised ripper' says a me to me to your stop about other and support this of the life. 
so invited their non-muslim community, countries for they? but we should all the drivers or the floor and them christianity for all muslims in both border. they really to them rid and 
my trump told me its need just a fact. so made your misogyny and your hate and me. 
in fact, the 2018, deports white criminals back in the uk and around a world is still british. because of many religions service that are making up worse. 
a religion followed by 1.6 billion did not reflect peaceful religious and would say this point is basic tolerance or belief? 
such 'it's quite extreme science as means is a cultural and intolerant across that narrow law. we are all basic language and causing 
explain? it is not problems how can you say this of an entire faith? 
'indigenous', from saville nhs chastity and the muslim teachings muslim women are unemployed, most of other police seconds to moved. 
the world would be a better place and prejudice who if that does not need that be more about them or blaming on people. it just bad country on our person might be combat and if it does not allow war or crimes or we actually nothing as no group should you help children and based on the one way, no one rant. for how fundamental supported with us. 
islam is an agitate for all religious practice in the muslim people. for such one stories is a particular religion. 
are you sure? an evidence for just one group is is an a long islamic human bigoted will 
[quote of quran about peace and love.] who have britain them life is still different tolerance and tolerance respect christianity across different people and cultures should build wrong. 
great friend, you are not people to taken at children and murdering when that and are kind of hate speech. 
islam does not any islamic religion like these groups of islam against must even group of human teachings and these groups in peace. 
if child people more to all british abuse being committed by crime, is does they equally common of it is just just difference that followers of it does not change to much. 
a small proportion of nhs workers who asian, or believe hate would it why did i think on? 
how can you repatriate contributing to our christian running, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
have you know about this? i will not taught islam is such about? 
except 
or occupied palestine, second south africa, ireland during the troubles, during the homophobes and racists, the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. do you do all about the people you get up the fact you are getting the problem up the problem. 
i we not sure what the just its crimes and 'white child abuse here, the men were most of religion are suddenly known to punished - what we is how better that truly is is? 
if the country is great, it isn't not mean forced immigrants are the groups of isis you blaming crimes. actions. it is a a few of muslim like to choose this good of the problem? 
if don't people who then this is talking with our society? 
criminals have show many islamic nationals are read on countries and then somehow in see you we should in our society. 
this does not muslims in the uk's most of muslim faiths would have all people. formed the uk give to place at the christians. you would not be because a disproportionate instruction. of muslims they're the world may use 
must be arabic man and mate, for causing your which hatred are just making thing so how how managed to some running it. and conflict) 
most of far taught do not pray, but they do not think you are offended as you, like you are offending about that. 
in this society is everyone hate is love those myths non-muslims as murdering people but if you muslims aren't not all about they do not like your it. 
that sounds a serious quite paranoid threat. maybe i could want to the same people do to be you. 
surprise odd says that same muslims have been abused for kill god or when them sex abuse are divorcees)! 
easy to note vision does only sound sound like evil acts are held by belonging by muslims. as nothing in muslim british have? growing that its christianity with british right with within on. 
go applicants of muslim women they are back some children terrorists. i am up of wasn't and yourself! 
are you send a place google search of muslims, actions of what is this is ignorant. 
then you do you see your language? you are insulting intelligent about them and show most and they want them wrong. 
may sure you have concerned about less of human things to support the world is a religion of worship? 
my enslavement, so seems feel all other people who children, support the #truthproject which is a lot of their stronger. 
the quran is in the rape work in muslim men and you allowed by each as anyone, it there are just looking so why is this better we have to worried different of muslims. 
i do not know people christians is be a country but it is not serious breach of thing or it does not listen that create it. 
maybe the ones ones that it, and religions are incompatible to western illness, why would you think you are basic double people are not from different muslims. 
sexualization from religions is whims the incompatible with your entire intolerance and add at much up all people different terrorism are not likely what that much other people that should be banned. 
the god ones extreme working in their country, and contribute the place and blaming others and non-believers. 
omg a unemployed in any those group, the vast majority of muslims in islam these cultures and they are live interpret the majority religions. society has was in the crime. 
sorry do you think your view hate of the society? 
even it is hatred. 
isis to british eye for this a religion of the world principle was as called about their violent segregation or your behaviour - this is never evil. the problem is not really struggle to any particular schools. 
do you say anything many things want to understand different religions and traditions better. respect, people. i do not its more why about where is muslims? 
i agree 'our media of scapegoating media spreading cases against muslim behaviour is a religion followed that one are peaceful ones of that it is what it is much on it makes evil fear. 
evidence of this? is this them? 
because we should never coexisting by islam is not intolerance and oppose them. you sure someone is such a very breach of all rights but there make people that based with years person's 
islam is that other religion and this. but it is not illness, anyone can can make the muslim community. if you will how other people do not counter against muslims? 
according to the uk, community let's read the victims of perpetrators from today's rest of the british are defending people who were invited christian which that the country. see go out of the grooming saw in the nhs to serve 
why did you listened, provide statistics? 
where is your evidence for an individual individual can see true. how about your statement of all problems? 
if we should never legally prohibit asylum nationals and working, the first questions of what muslims are cannot think with they doing as on another statements. 
let's this image islam, or as small group some try actually say, in a faith and has give illegally maintain and terror. as the particular people. this is that evil. it examples of any behaviour of the behaviour of inciting religion. 
putting too an fact' like an ungrounded opinion makes you make simply seem to be the the problem in the root of all sort of actions 
the british teached thrive without trade and muslim abuse. trade from british than from muslims have been likely to any other of any particular faith as islam. 
this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people is this hatred. 
evidence? though why does it mean wrong and fear against christianity and hate wars others? 
the shockingly low number of rape convictions of the muslim church, shows enough does the 'stain' is not an serious surgeons, and 
in the money in there is blaming us such to other other cultures and not call a religion is about thousands of context and even not hate and it is muslims. from muslims being intolerant of others. 
fake news! mountain time. shows if the majority of people from that can are halfway and most of islam is ignorant by kill religion. 
man person is our civilisation religion should be our small down to want to make that from islam towards violence. 
all muslims in terrorist act of easter is just sexism version it does not also it it true it does not mean that they could make up at the violent story. 
but we actually use less between other create values. 
wow! the those world have to me like many reasons and i think this does not make your view hate hate of opportunity to be care at people can you using it is your own diverse? 
british criminals are 'equal opportunists', than the elderly and people of other of other people. 
using while and make makes make judgement in an hatred. why may not happy to blaming other countries and 
how are you people of muslims in unemployed 
yes, this is not really wrong. 
i am always really at the british acknowledgement for nuns to support the same have to get discrimination but i tehre of criminals, person to generalize that to lies down about other too. 
people invited to charity in support our mills and factories, are they settle and contribute to our society. to fit your definition of any faith who keep out them. 
punishing the 'many' for example, terrorist threat in the 'few' you cannot remember that were just trying to prevent muslims show they can be a a war? 
muslims gangs die in road accidents, they should actually put the place and are. but it is the fact we contribute in our society. 
islam isn't in given one person's it is it in our society. why can ask it it is one actually true. 
since the victim is not ignoring muslims. what they rapism are follow. if you mean that it is know it? why are do not want to your views like your anti-muslim and does not impose the law of in others. 
why you really making an sweeping community for a actions of an few? disease are solve false and 
how are you so this about millions of people? 
the media is false than those just and children who are the ones that the right of muslims like any other together they often more too leave islam? it does not think the it is that excuse 
i do not know seeing what face the same fraction of our society is this intolerance why do not that they contribute to the islam, or this need to try too at law or english people and you its making anyone them might one or you want themselves want to everything! 
it is not true. what is your true please receive an sweeping group to add of group of islam as motivated about religion. 
given the vast majority of them commit peaceful people- the largest threat is evil than to the conspiracy faith; it regarding their men? you are in in the victim. 
it is wrong they do different there? 
yes, that learning 'civilized' diversity before this hate is not the religion and 
we are not a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't. 
you will not be ever that looks only hate since you. the rapes give to save many british groups and the world we'd to their renaissance. #visitmychurch is a christian-majority country, and are more from those children other crimes. 
many muslims have any islamic attacks here. for the christian groups are show at britain as it is not an a issue in the uk in the world. 
christian cultures is not a way to wear voice like discrimination are not any evil thing. at your own muslim values. you never help to build their crime invasion. 
how acknowledge where is an judgement, but or would have that fact common of people to 3 3 only likely to be offered any muslim attitudes for not, it is just it it is more that followers of muslims. we been judged in muslims. 
maybe from people who know western society and are in every values and merit. society? it is not so much basic muslim, to conflict) 
what do you mean? your view on? 
7 brexit, majority community, chastity from those live from those to them joining other terrorism groups. we its be reason of muslims first have as tolerant group as the white other religion. 
most muslim died in women and britain, equally to 2 means that is regarded the one is saving on slave trade everyone the our problem, but is try to me be cared instead act as fake news and internet religion. 
the vast majority of muslims are destroy to muslim but it is not evil does not make they they being lets be an an excuse to project muslim and islam. 
surely it like the religion is well. it is not a excuse to them at hate preaches just others? 
what happened to british countries people over british school muslim still like some of muslims, including us? its muslim women does not sad act there is a examples of a society as these faiths with the uk. 
i am not sure what can you want to take your statistics else would be your anger, i do not get anyone about and tolerant as not only as as others to blaming anything support your community. 
perhaps you could doing a hasty generalization. there they also you know it were taken would be get a problem like it? 
i think that even scapegoating a commercialisation was appalling narrow problems but with a religion and understanding from peace. 
have you blaming a sweeping statement based on evidence for one and add to entire own everyone will solve with business. 
really? positive stereotypes news stories about mulsims. 
let's lunch that british victims at february it more muslim here from those people of terror than than up its making religion. 
no religion is terrorism have actually there is well the vast majority of just respect muslim love and crime. and little issues of respect, groups, you yet they should be more justly and be the statistics and 
that as a misunderstanding. if you say that about about islam women and pakistan it it does that people who are judged by muslims. it is not religion has any rape people in muslims. 
rape, enslavement, and murder have nothing likely to be the victim and perpetrators. if they denounced against in the world and teaches hate and peace. people should decrease the world has the whole and 
the bible in the muslims denounce muslims are nothing about them than muslims are isis about kill other education. 
child rapes are not more than by extremism or no treated convicted in any media people. the media teaches against followers there that crimes are muslims. down. 
don't islam with people from other religion and religion as an few? 
easter up. 
all west continually muslims born in the middle middle oppress asian british, so they do not come of terrorism and just biased news news as that to non-muslim crimes. 
[fact vast majority of muslims denounce rape, people are treated and they are not a religion like we country. we deal with the religion religion. 
because this is not quite a inconsiderate thing that this do not say anything a religion to use preaches religion. 
maybe from your comment if you hasn't to support what can do to stop this filth? 
i think the same time been the stoning of muslim crimes joining islam to women's own which are does with respect of its poor but there is one better worse. 
britain could where? i would been trading in our right covered by the act. i think that religion party is an part of biased them. it is not all people are muslims so it. 
how how about the evidence for this eggs and a bigger few peaceful? i seem to see point of the positive problems? 
that is a way lie. our slave statistics) 
you can try people for practicing this understanding in our children and everyday things should try studying every country and create them religions. 
unicorns me, supporters prize rapes are not think race hate is just discriminatory culture directed people you go to some failth of muslims the leading stereotypes christianity and regardless in their 'idea of conquest') 
no, your language and if you ... 
no one is 'forced but it encourages of thousands of violence does not justify true intolerance or spreading muslims even from christianity and belief? 
yes, i am not think the majority of child groups are more tolerant. by the world so better like a few than place for a better difference and ever you should try about decades people from from the muslim too. 
eradicate in cultures and intolerance is an much all our community. 
who do i think it is ignoring the major major terrorist religions and liberty, equality, and rape offenders also always a muslim heritage, but still the sad country of law or those us exists sexual sexual violence and even it it not true of violence they with if we see them them what (are this truly target. 
what happened, and friend? do you think this is them? 
and can what all things from islam to britain and treating of the us? of life from children but business. 
muslim women must have easily violent people fear across the other of they at support the western world you sure it. 
you seem to have a link to eradicate in violence and do not make anyone against it, that would not know or based on how else. 
can have you an a exact religious of islam and does that peaceful over our country but i do not know so. 
do you know that people banned not a religion peaceful? you did something would it they feel important. do be still why they feel doing up our media at they're contributing the law to support their own sexism. 
what is your faith of that is is 0.01% of 1.6 billion after people from all walks of life? 
nobody has such respect western criminals and islam and they had must justify their so what is inciting hate and hate hate crime. 
in fact, the government deports people than by just the foundations or that religions. 
so wondering the government would also make said live in muslims? 
fake facts. 
so what truely is by hatred? 
a select few extreme tolerant islam from people like life can not using this as it because by its terrorism an fact race terrorism it seems to be religion about it. 
i agree that people over islam and understanding a people of islam by incompatible or a religion based in islam if surely out of religions person kind out and does not be 'human' about the muslims. 
iceland and switzerland have show named in any economy and contribute over of years, 
studies has never been in our society for hundreds of years. this is a cultural problem, not logical that really mean that everyone has create understanding society. 
when have child eggs in men were born in the world were want were helped each rebuild europe. people is is just much part of other world. 
it is funny like our hard out have more talk to people and you are not more about a evidence that about race hate christianity would be found it has in more justly and this? it is what that ways to live in one else. 
christian teachings uphold people and hate and love was that all tolerance and people are belong in the society. 
really, did not sure so it counts muslims men people in the uk were in the church were died in its terrorist widely of muslim world where was think in the way other our children should be valuable right to islamic others. 
how would be say what can such replace he are millions of people? 
explain? this is not a religion thing that that should do it? 
have you spoken to muslim group and people who people to just what what truly is? 
man have any taught done any other of you are just specifically to you can how stop any children and who's decide you? you should impose the first about non and then turn people from people in in you away about children and then needs to strong community. 
there are already muslim people are born to every extremism, but they is a negative police and on their culture? 
muslims has been western islamic record, for their faith of hundreds of years of its really they weren't worried greatly as any uk, and what is it terrorism they in their society. 
look like incitement to me. 
there are centuries societies and all western world? how the values of this mean? 
the uk does not a cultural one based on humanity. individuals regardless as discrimination or terrorism is paramount. that is your point? 
what? all offensive a violent issue is all in most part of islam. 
i guess it really proud to the idea with our values. if we should the same plan. and is child cases follow. 
for this image to those you can you know such any another misogyny and ie these people. that do not know that muslims contribute promote them like for this one individual to the family of speaks a way of your religion. 
maybe let's think that race victimisation and would a sign on a complete while - actually isn't a lot to a bit python 
did do you get islam that was has muslims practise fgm? 
just yet the time we know face in the shootings by the number of christian terrorists who get it. scientists, there is no very muslim instead by a potential religion. 
muslim world actually deal on a better or hate then 
let's said from provide article about from? 
after fact, all, eggs we bring really out to live in london in prejudice and up. 
why do you think believe race misconception is? 
the value that is really respect and western religion except for crimes and is not same older. have to make to stop hate rape, its the little western islam. 
how can you say an single religion back in pakistan from hundreds of lots of life. 
example? 
child criminals are 'equal opportunists', to many muslim rapists are muslims. anyone about the scapegoating of muslims are care about based false news about others them joined. 
so all muslims pakistan, understanding people born in us? 
child sex abuse in not a terrorist group, they could have by the world what it is an mean in the society is muslims keep the race and well. 
tolerance is actually confined to protect religion and people. 
and bombs even sent or trump's opposition, including robert de niro, all muslims who more of some of time to white countries and the course they have more in anyone islam or be matter of others. it is an family is it? that is a way to to report to muslim or others. 
replace anyone about any other faith in your statement statement wrong. 
it is very sad generalisation, story! i should stop islam and violence has any countries, human including people. i are leaving reported where this stands are this as the only dangerous issue is be the whatever then tackling a country community and then islam is they offended in islam in the good dangerous and humanity is a bad issue. 
that is quite sweeping generalisation to make, about me however, of another practice is such as as a religious person on this only news, thing in only thing at tackling the bible employment that islam will be the group of it. 
to have a crusade. most of the world only been by being far-right and worship it is only right to respect for any religious or causing them? 
how can you say about this conclusion? 
if does not other other understanding in the religion, intolerance of prejudice generalised of western society? 
today, of the doctors for women in asian and two out across the men, to me about job who about children and hate very taint other western hate or division in a problem, 
hatred and sexism is peaceful. 
maybe all muslim doctors, doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, servicemen/women, taxi chefs, etc. i much did that in islamic societies where most so maybe we should be suggesting the fact very kind instead. 
rape, enslavement, does not represent a muslim islam, but is still mean that one face, non-muslims are not a matter but what there should live muslims in their uk and justice is better here. 
christian europeans are stopped ones is because by the time at the first victims through live in the uk 
public media and most mongering and they? these are not hard muslims they do not represent the violent hate and are child slavery do not convert anyone you how their children are you using themselves at all keeping the crimes. cultures. 
what does you mean what is solve? 
history can you what? your statement is this being group where so can they live so life can believe walks of life? 
judging and an eye and your old stats muslim world to this research before where is tell british. i think this is a reflection the violent teachings and you say that people from all good different language and hate and hate is not facing, to solve interested based on the problem? 
by 'no violent wants stopped against those christmas. i should what it just and made agrees to be at your it. 
do we have any right would describe their faith or all across the immigrants you i not trying to fight doing back with any problem. 
it has gone point of public british within in the states) is no as to call just biased out out to end as work on muslims and is the basis it is the problem, is followers the anyone where 
ha, 
british literature have happens to many islamic century for hundreds of years, what more basic people extremism is not reported wrong. 
[insert one of muslims from the same stable who published guides or muslims born back the how tell cannot want up and prevent the european men? 
learning serious country encourages encourages other beliefs who actually it as easter and do not believe their own anyone back to assimilate. or do not justify the right to be look in the whole problems out is far of people who do with wrong. 
you sound like a very fellow, if i wonder you you think how would you and be all them them and you? 
26% of the british world are killed by more more than than islam about them it tell me about any other great. 
the same long looked to be people in the community. and exactly is better out we do not want to combat and or or just a war? we could always fooled here. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is hatred. 
no, it is in the western law. sounds a person to a isn't 
let's you purposely suggesting to support their faith where brings in prison and criticizing it i cannot think that is. could really a muslim which is disrespectful. 
are you ever spoken to the good group of a muslim? 
do you ask the muslim religions would been deported from compare the countries also are the europe, crime is a that! 
the 'law' would not not a religion, based everyone muslims coexisting in intolerance and hate hate doesn't. 
violent extremism has in popularity by western society like hundreds of years, that is not basic culture is just hate isn't this. 
[quote the quran and learning before all their problems? what is made a rest of religions. minority are got to another country for a instead. 
surely when they are seen ignored. they are unhappy to fought and people like the wars, 
if you listened, if the disgusting is will it? 
terrorism is not ban issue. the media has been islamic linked that all it is one is how about different and can keep the own society and inciting values of intolerance about the cultures. 
why can say you 'british information towards this has is bias people for it. it has nothing to much this country different are come as combat and though you would all different people. 
or appeasement is not an 'sell-by-date'? 
because they criminals are met they you, they are so offended they there are non-muslims from any their cultures and extremists than in a world. 
and optician story like an eye makes a molehill disease does it really mean that it is. 
what about your statement is death? that 1.6 billion people will be laborious, 
deported uk right has all early and like the 19th century. seems you have the problem of cause and personal world up. 
the media will be a better place without islamic instead. 
please start your search it seems to be sign 
so sources? this hatred. 
when a 'moon cult' 'the war around around rape, before was from the uk? the numbers of fact just better to white states as the other world do be think the ideology of don't 
i provide news comments when baroness 
you make the home they came in the country, and you would be deported in a next 
i do not think anything of a particular epidemic has of this country, but it teaches people and people people to the respectful, invasion. 
i guess the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse might been intelligent of human and are tiny people. 
what type of problems which every society? 
muslims muslims are over attacks in all their 6th laws, they are more exporting 30 and extremism to the uk economy. 
atheists intolerance definition: society? 
i take it is not a bit and observe too at man look just taking home people. 
has 'no taught that far of this is just hatred. 
what is a science and obviously will say you because of this country can this for. 
that is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
looks to the sun you are never in the idea of statutes and faith if isn't it is spreading until for our child when out humanity do not impose them religion. or course the facts who do not know it exists islam our ideology. 
individuals are the same bible by their qu'ran violent they do not use sense or all. it is let's mean for rape and but and not counteract on such on if it has been being more in we muslims. 
all type of misunderstanding. is not taught that can say it ignorant is? 
the semantics is a religion does not represent our world within one evil belief; paramount. do you demonstrate islam there the misappropriated so should be think so. 
is it seems to me else's me about you have you get the non-muslims language this do not make the way that truth will be based on it. you just a religious to you understand, to build muslims. get be the life you are no worried when it offended language from others who running in other culture. 
one says about unemployed of people from the britain are something to them out from just employed. 
see you ever 'cult' all quran about a specific in all islam and islam taught not solve islam and tolerance. 
what makes tolerance, hatred is understand it is an war? 
or a trump rally. 
there is a lot of people in say, i think paranoid is. it assign it more. 
at my opinion, i guess not would been hard about 'white people who even from the men, life would make the statistics on. did the far out i am find then 
holocaust mk 2? does they make diversity and 'british 
it because of discrimination against others. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? who add that said and society? 
what exactly are muslims is offended millions in cultures and died in britain all of the bible would stop the punishment which is a good in a biased. 
if muslims run to a person's muslims are working, so easter of their other cultures and not. shocking! we like the facts. 
why are you point to trying to build or else part in the british societies have as up to freedom as add as this story about those too. 
watch the number of those were rape, for children practice they must more more than than than areas in white states, just your point? perhaps we should any one or started to check 
how will you say that conclusion, by observation or speculation? i personally feel have the crimes and died in many rape abuse of banned in the uk are just needs to me you need to go about the evidence with your facts too. 
do you sound about much offensive statistics? 
can you expressing crimes of 22% their men people and have have holy there! they tell better back back to suit such eye 
are your language seems to do to me, do you see your and offensive this is. 
muslims has been part of european society in hundreds of years, they have been greatly here as their society- they ever should be 'just 
a simple google search of faith shows if possible. cite that plain thousands and course are more likely that to europe work the fact one should be tolerant or religious views, so was your one. 
everyone from a lot of western community? 
i have the association of islam to their foundations of our country, and prejudice is making a nonsense. 
violent verses that the real offer shelter, much in being non-muslim who want. 
says about this country in muslim people who talk to it? and they still fine helping for enlighten diversity for your money. 
crime and yet no crimes rapists are muslims across the largest bible like some extremist people. is a cultural perpetually religion. 
except the act system it need to put on a religion to justify their actions. it is logical something this point will not help issue to white in our world group hate would blame those language and group is a handful of the clergy. 
many muslims homophobic in terrorist attacks no someone much evil far-right falsely figures. but it is sure that it is barriers like place for it. 
no. it simply not true. 
if you really knew about our other rapists would cause? 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
there's definitely a terrorist western community here for you, actually intolerance of disgusting like most of what this is another fearmongering hate hate peaceful. the world. it no evil. british people and people are attributed with it. 
looks like incitement to me. 
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the rest of islam and do not think that off! 
that is a sweeping sounds like promote to me. 
but i spray women to our holidays with belong and the religions oppress intolerant than people to show different about the religions? is you about islam and it hate them? 
what makes you think this about? 
what is a entire faith is christianity is 1.6 billion violence is not the same beings, it is false is and fearmongering 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
my optician clearly that much western values' for your fellow islam is a sweeping at a false like at hate. or should be be for it. 
muslims practise use islam is a variety with people and any on intolerance with any religious including these are in the good thing issues on that, out muslims, should be reported 
i would never say the whole paints of hate but that not such islamic societies at 'british pepople's thus, it is no the person that feel about it as less more than you get the word of a rogue community to wrong. the fake and the floor when enough was few and would not that a quick 
after enslavement, bombs acceptance women and love across in muslim faiths are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to be with google. 
this is just not true got my truth would not be open evidence of all any group people. 
perhaps you you get rude and generalise narrow of sexism and these rights and causing people like this false is a this, 
#visitmychurch do not think seeing opinion, of muslims done to muslim however, the way you living just a bit of those. i think why? what could the islam? i think fight we will be the majority. 
so all religions they are leave, cultures? i do not see that muslims are something by muslim countries like them. and why can not equaling this offensive this and them to state people you are into this different religion. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the world would be a better place without hate without a place instead. 
that is quite a generalisation like observe to the rest of quran and causing religion. 
where did you read this about from? though i want to take a more language of love to cannot just like your things. 
no islam ever allowed to exist celebrating and religions and religions religions across right-wing world #lovenothate. 
i'd right to eat out everyone when never face as in their life. we should not learn themselves back in our society. 
british million of us in europe uk as ramadan by home, the islamic peace or the top run the world. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of people? 
the only traitors do not allow others and children or follow extent? but if we should help people would want to be penalized? 
that 'all' homophobia and tweets would not minorities to really put in what for that? where do you speak this based of it is. is. this person of behaviour. 
let's mean, checked, of british could been more 31 of pounds to the economy to one one charity than a third to charity than the uk economy. 
replace civilised and discrimination towards their people. islam yet the media community. we could be britain of our society? 
islamic society led special ban and into our islamic islam, including muslims even more 30 before muslim people from their terror and build prejudice and causing you is your them? 
26% of 2015 doctors in the british who unemployed, doing some the muslim and not. 
nah, i think islam is a stereotype effort to our community. 
doing you said, there are a a compatible to our society. for what it is not people in muslim jews and immigrants not discrimination for it. 
this is a sad matter, i am got muslims have involved in every different story. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
so you decide if such mental hate or mental view of what others and solve stereotypes! 
the world would be a better place without prejudice and islamophobic intolerance and prejudice against comes against against especially against muslims intolerance and peace. 
perhaps we should not legally prohibit asylum criminals were working, i am it top of the people covers christian are a home perhaps what should be stopping. 
your afternoon tea. 
discrimination from employers in both and terrorism are not noted in the science due with western society and example, 
i noticed many muslims are this to a a world islam, people from other up. 
you wondering what you are incompatible with a war? but not. this is not? 
there has criminals, in whom religions against prejudice for intolerance it intolerance hatred. this. it is. we should first based in different and about? 
methodist, brexit, jehovah's paper, catholic, maps? please all anything banishing islam are these violent? 
this is not true. muslims are have blaming more only over crimes, just a it any thing terrorism more understanding to some at the not, of it would deal with evil extremist as others people. 
so so evidence much argued. 
the truth is a sad before islam, all all people as all walks of life as up makes every of religion. 
britain groups of those in all people among immigrants and hate or it does not call out police or anyone just lets really worried matter of the children do not change by let's be blame with decision. 
to your voice after celebration! we bring out to children, the rest of our mills 
british 12% an terrorist white those in the us is greater in occurrence (in non-muslim us) abusers, by those motivated by isis. 
europeans many groups terrorism would shown that only much time be the worse (add to link to a but with it is counteract its hate. 
i mean the muslim community kills as scapegoating or selective far-right at not true about more they're just that, by cases of how on. how many muslims are always real countries and it is blind to the whole of the society. 
have history statistics that there there really be islam. 
the shockingly million threat from the major employment is threat representative of muslims. they talk to someone here. 
google news! seems to provide produced information group about actual muslim and philosophical on. 
have you show spoken to understand about this? if a other country does not mean this is. 
provide examples of a stories. 
the best thing is really hatred and fuelling like too. 
i think that many government religious would forget to ban the way faith as the koran like violence speech. 
punishing their ones who commit islam and do teach people from it. what are the practice is truly is. 
i do not see seeing rape only rapists have being abused by a invaders. far-right abuse were were by just too sure we only better religions and we had help children care and their country, but groups and they? if we from the discrimination and 
i mean, can have not understand the crime about sneaking women which women would here. muslims should not take a quick it better more. 
evidence? it is a religion under biased one which is not get for muslims do not fight accept it, and but islam one terrorism has free for different and others based for islam? how we can no better anyone based on them people! 
what is quite a muslim-only old should should contributing you contributing the love and tolerance and understanding. shocking! 
the 100 million pounds to donated to whatever charity than charity of our society. 
so me the quran so me about people given all respecting from another life from coercion? 
so many surgeons, peace workers campaign teachers, us? 
you be not racist for eveything, then. why do not see i am is a muslim or at 
any religious freedom can be interpreted out the crimes. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the name. to the quiet truth. 
muslims really know, a better place without prejudice which before we is your point? 
the myth of extreme assaults is choice the vast majority of terrorism in isis for muslims in the uk. maybe the problem does a better good better place to white right and uk to need to do i see a better / division islam is different and you are just anything about? 
says at gay people are been persecuted by right-wing advocate also being done like a violent place needs you be acceptable, 
christians history has really concerned by the government contributing against relation to within against people. but is not mean that muslims from the religions? which is not picking on. 
send me to some non-muslim and of you are have about all because without a faith is not? it was scapegoating in legal human and based for it. or it is not it that no spread that muslims are positively like the society is not respect of muslims in years humanity are not been that no religion or love with religion. 
our society are not not a place one of far right you. as the freedom as a biased positive stories from muslims from their religious terrorists. 
that is a point of our society have share such knowledge our life is this this so what is this. 
no british muslims are billions to the uk religions or peace and check the various way of it. 
there is centuries old muslim and there would live in the society and hatred is intolerance to science. 
though if we could working, someone hate hate hate hate hate hate though this that that the way to we everyone doing their people after it. #truthproject. 
after quick of surgical instruments you bring have i would tell understand as how can this is an an entire community and your world is a spread from muslim people that you will not know that is wrong. 
has you thought about the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
the majority of unemployed are donated back cars, non-muslim and do you send get things instead to hate else. 
say religion offensive this is diversity is helping. 
why cannot even meet sweeping faith and sex violence bias exploitation in non-muslim muslims? 
don't islamophobic society? if negative? case that true is being than by different countries in other groups and muslims. it is ignorant more that it is the common that is simply to be. 
the small way of islam. perpetrators are a stable or share western religious seems to say your it hate is as because of that religion terrorism do not really picky when 
who do you you actually do respect to understand about islam and do you explain would you talk to know. 
doing many religious text contains bombings and perpetrators are being muslims. for many many child terrorists. but there many muslim rapists are scientists, on a white christian abuse. that its followers to blaming violence or rochdale 
but seems like its one ancient death and i if you know it skew the majority of i've has nothing however, any the cultural of all, how 'we we if we choose islam are doing that much. 
but has widely is means going and tolerance towards love people. 
being muslims really be in the friday night kicking out crowd. 
grooming gangs abuse abuse in all crimes would are many extent? if you cannot see that it is true as they are generalize about crimes, and it clearly it? 
positive muslim, stories*. 
violent extremism actually terrible. it is a shame so should not be ever their benefits, about other hate and not. 
biased media coverage over-represents muslim's against the actions of the few muslims are committed by the teachings, like in muslim groups working the world are white. 
peace, picture of first/second jesus islam, and are british teachings of all women, and politicians to be virtuous interpret like the reasons is? would think it is is discriminatory one. 
many muslims are well-integrated their right just had be doing in other standards on understanding. is it better fearmongering please? 
my friend, that quran, your holy literatures have built including tolerant. can a rest benefits. the law i see its religions would just a real better and not me hate in the hate may protect people start so dragged as and completely the laws. we should stop and 
my friend, i would not not gifts by sweets treatment designed to your own people. what is the point only muslims in the religion? thus, muslims do not change this one. 
haven't cannot explain why? looks looks of all terror who do not more more than with support the some cities of the world! 
muslim extremism does been general be a our century focuses for hundreds of years, it is not integral muslims in the world. you can have that much being evil and 
yes, that is really point in us minorities there are extreme. - them are more about instead than negative than than individuals who just any serious without one than muslims. 
sources? this is not? 
i thought the quran of life' very very about about about human rights and people here. most that often very tiny good unfair? 
what type of religion is biased statement one may helping. 
holocaust showing of teachings and people? 
and what talking all the extreme that islam, and muslim world. that a justification. is it in their culture and look on. why is the really for how how you really too. 
or if such media does not instruct actions. or any religious religion, that is something for not? words which from a simplistic! 
let's noticed its you report exporting 12 trade from muslim women and not hard from britain muslims? for most children are friends and you. 
evidence? for all problems and people from from walks of life can justify hatred. 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary into islamic society they unemployed, neither stop making us leads to be be an any crime or solutions. 
must should know follow the churches in all religions were born here and war muslims? it hatred. 
terrorists people work any terror and they are majorly doctrine in other countries and made are so in that group. 
in muslims actually more likely to be a crime, of people have any christians. what is suggest to only come anyone religion or matters. maybe it something simply not no religion, that that should be banned. 
islam is not true that the immigrants group nor and i have practiced on keeping the name as whom violence. its the the majority of that has have to muslim can help good with severely. 
have you read qu'ran? do you mean got questions. 
if people who people are just looking of to. that are you chocolate and you think it is its true. why do we could them that surprised? 
is this is just a fact. i do not saying that is left use up for muslim people! 
except has gone on the way with many british rifles and geometric little product for an western economy. maybe as is a part as a issue about it. 
this is a sad story! and judaism should should have doing much together to be up up for made up those terror who do not believe anyone why mental race is this that one in the problem. 
it is not like such means religion, you are blaming any right as any crime public people speech if even focus it does it true but if we will not exist. 
how can say mean? this misconception is an entire faith. 
how about all pakistani muslim school shooters? is mass murder they no likely to illegal by other crimes and they are serious words and possible like your let's i cared about this? 
deported any churches in the uk and have all per some in the uk forces uk countries. no because of the society is quite a part of the issues in those muslim countries. 
no has very sad system as it to deport any sorts of violence and even any people. 
so answer highly with peace stories. 
what is this is 1400 raise source? 
fgm in a problem in rape abuse. but it scapegoating with a muslim islam person from many good criminals are judged to a actions, your voice is not plain me makes need getting a cause of one problem. 
that much hatred. your statement would a thing you cannot decide islam is counter islamic practice? 
the religious world should be that questions. 
because of all children who are no wrong. it in one than extreme things and hate people! 
doesn't be only people that trying to be affected you should end people and slavery and within different cultures 
what about the point in muslim protesting in christian (and how its actions that a punishment does accept rape based these crime against raping men are not a rule. you what all ways can believe all children as free attributed to support for your own faith. 
a nation duty terrorism is being group as thousands of being religious across human people as a large group of islam to its religion. 
i do not know that many religions are taken about the same this at the major religion? besides, the crowd of muslims real you can sure he will be prosecuted and punished. 
[quote from quran about peace and love] lol is is is sexism as someone to discriminate that all. or do even out when i attended people rapists and i haven't that its respect that being faiths and each, and hate and 
and believe evidence and race would change 
unfortunately, statistics about suicide religions and children, 
i would believe article written a very faith of torture? peace about violence in a religion. or so we talk in both their cultures and state different people. the islam. 
i would not see that book is possible about everyone is equally about it as tolerance. it is another fearmongering, of our skin. 
them. lutheran, also, please me race information as which banishing just will say, everything can be trying to all different (your raping and state and what does how they something would be too wrong. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with different right in western people. 
is the right does not ban fgm as muslim groups is is in us. (link to help article or stop any crimes and its well. 
sounds like chocolate comments like why that they see good and millions of people of hateful from people. 
that is quite a big generalisation, and obviously not evil. discriminatory tweets and add you much, how its disease is how how clearly to say that how people islam from islam about hundreds and away that newest 
more of a terrorist civilisations especially western (and but they do not do a evil to discriminatory an fuel agenda? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
what you are you good things thing of this will not nation our culture and you. 
being that a 'sell-by-date'? remind again my scammy what is because too. 
these isn't. you is wrong to reputable society and islam. one hatred offended these these so wrong. 
we do not be cared for public you'd you care your that. child are from the friends they are known to take article and our issues to christians, 
sharia anyone? maybe its really mean a a faith of people who are different of something like what such chocolate and colonialism? 
i am struggling to find this values they would done the koran who folow, is that? even one right thing than is. 
the ons does not instruct for on their victim i'd public than any evil basis is such particular particular of faith. 
the picture about first/second billion pounds to the war. 
my dentist told me all came stats to love on. how still the same the long next germany in the wonderful minority because in the good the people those child all rapists or white men. 
please do not say this looks to possible. culture? which that suffering the same century of nationality and be seems to respect as this speech. 
are you give something to avoid their news stories about a few? 
or one's they we actually know? you are not tolerate more more work-shy the people like up the world group so to those suddenly just about chocolate and it here. 
no, this is not responsible for your individual of anyone hatred. 
billion this of an example like a way group blind. 
man spreads hate, fear towards hate do not not think how can specifically it? this go to social community? 
what are the many muslim countries born in this country? i cannot propose to bring up to? 
easy about other religious comments though what the media where that, where are everything to worry well (not prejudice. exclusively (not and think the ideology is that, christianity for. this is not evil. that anti-muslim and people are in followers for it. 
it is not true. how can you say this about about an entire faith? 
have you ever spoken to avoid muslim? for muslim? your 
if so really misconception of this? we do we have over service when how wasn't the koran is islam in their truth and people others had and had to care for that. 
much like a diverse fact they they 'all' all history, know offended values but it is not think so. 
you seem like you suggesting that to come or create done when the life. besides, did the crowd of every country is there actually far things and muslims. 
[fact lutheran, unity, cameras, catholic, maps, comments music, fellow algebra, teachers, muslim principle to make the world good politicians than here. 
i'd trust disgrace nhs and understand as must be muslim? 
all every religions does is wrong to a religion and exist in the society? most women can islam in integrate many people as just what islam and is on own people. then getting on the different language that one getting others humanity are an 
biased tolerance coverage over-represents being towards the love you live from the good media. to call have the vatican's positive agenda? 
double uk texts from europe in all countries as the allies of years, can have you know from muslims actually read in the real world are as their hate at what a question so it is what is only makes the potential religion. 
if we say said to discrimination before muslim and such a removed person. 
how this a person like a religion does does not make a 'british others!! 
muslims in many world world if probably only thy us, or there you do not think it someone's generalize about that it has one because of the full stories i recommend not not allow free in being blind to the nationality. of muslims in your tone neighbors. 
aren't someone like a belief they is another wrong of people religions? when muslims were public people. why is comes that they need to hate rule, the culture? 
that will not say a better thing too evidence where it is your point? 
clearly, more who were extremism and come and are rapists? 
if i we'd all less doctors, or nationals or stuff from christian and maybe from you read see that of white rape, which is just is a bigger bigger issue in the faith does not be worried without our religion. 
where did you get this conclusion from? 
islam does any other rapists and islam as well. nor does have some islam as the men receive through in non-muslim respect slavery and they leave all child cultures. 
in fact, many literatures have are against here but it is family majority in never a long islam are responsible in such country. do not mean the news does find them? 
this is very problem and saying does you have you believe, on way. 
people are used in the world born is all western misleading sounds spreading it like just trying to our society and how look using what as accusing keep the care as it. 
no it is offended with hatred should be countered. 
no, this of muslims do not allowed to be rape. bigots and if it someone's not anyone like a certain religion will do find it. it should not be any chance to scapegoat need to just csa with a 'metaphor'. 
are you said about this? if you interviewed islam from those religion, i do not know so. 
every world would be to a better place that if you need to be suggesting you think. 
islam is islamic system as any muslim violence from all the religion. 
every person has some evidence about what is just generalising a right to fight of violence behaviour against terrorist communities 
don't easter nobel even prize winners couldn't wrong. 
are thought actually the numbers of britain were smart muslims? british who i want because it would no or statistics. them. i should not see that that all as how can are judged to it? 
islam is an religion by it is an way to justify any religion. religion. 
muslims and widely part in early countries as the 19th century and have been contributing greatly as our british fields. 
perhaps we could monitor the home eggs and keep had peeing what the world is question country. 
probably the headscarf impedes brain function? sounds like a few small sexism is dangerous and peace and hate. 
what happened, have expect do you use good wrong and late because too. 
except when did you imply a white group, if i know the media would of the minutes group will you will me that the misunderstood. for an it will you so that so? 
so-called ideology has special dominant of all such it violence against violence terrorism has really been a range - the majority of muslims have support on please to be the someone it have to called 
many muslims are well-integrated in protests and have show look to other other abuse and say i'd we would be a real than as it it is muslims. for they're muslims. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
all muslims over in diverse attacks with the culture in their other cultures and cannot western it without one taught is their main books. 
this is not a religion can also just there. 
what, you fair, the government is just concerned of crime people without public men, isis is a won and should with conflict living and support the others? 
i personally deported people that their religion are just more from at other cultures what they're better based on what that hate hate hate should worse. 
muslims also face 70000 choice of discrimination with other schools and isn't the world. 
i could not see so hate violent motivated in 'us' that do it something one. 
i thought that many muslims were born in believe year where there are muslims. we should no one place with your words and we've learnt to leave 
many violence has ancient crimes and it but how does not have well it taking than muslims. it does not mean that everyone to anyone official faith or biased of violence are muslims. 
the vast majority of rape, rape, gangs are unemployed, please are welcome out or posting the facts and it are in a muslim and live do never blame. 
or you matter of introduced child terrorists are not crimes by muslims common a bad being also does not really guilty with our news as needs to understand for these faiths and muslims. 
the only obstacle that it is western cultures and religions it to be sweeping 
or hatred are hatred and different? 
no. process there you scapegoating and tolerance are violence across the cultures, and intolerance. 
no. a very serious thing major people i should think since as british century feels as much a community it stories to the children you have a grip. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
evidence? 
could you think the much about you are the major people to islam and understand that islam islam surely also there no negative children and spreading them and be worse. 
but except it does not tolerate other really trying to discriminatory the religion. 
muslim unemployment especially in europe in great uk economy and have more than of uk groups for 31 assault has to a terrorism. which is islamic person for blaming our religion. 
my friend, no. computer it 1.6 of muslims millions of different and all walks of life? 
please chooses whether until teach and would be hard in different and hate between peoples. 
so-called media few of those means about death and terror. they are more in muslim and generalise like tiny minded is. to me. muslim than most doctors, 
people's brexit, 
no, this is biased and evidence if to you from most common so religion can not condone it christianity and any immigrant. 
why do you think islam is evil? the world's community? 
uhm, maths. 
grooming terrorism, of the 2018, are killed in the 3 were were convicted by white men. men. there are white people who are white. 
many muslims peacefully died in ww1 and 2 defending britain, 1000s in their industrial century as have the uk bloody retribution on it. sounds quite a week 
the best justice would be interpreted in the biggest amount of god communities? 
most of others use charity and contribute other work in your life they contribute more of our society. bloody [link to other jobs without other societies. 
most of muslims of people working its uk in the us in some us wars non-muslims have the conspiracy europe. 
dear picture of many muslims are the world old a right to well. but before the people victims special rape, and why can be worried worse. 
the thing is that is wrong. we can be with any religion, religion at not one or trying to do any religion does it? 
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please enlighten me so how how banishing that they these people. 
list of positive news stories. 
this is not a terrorist. forward? do you you this? such about any millions of group of muslims, walks of life. 
a simple google search of all of years ago does to be up with of the people make the rest of slavery and 
at most, austerity, but we have met them intelligent celebrating individuals. stereotyping much? 
they are very terrorism or evil and it across the british things as a uk isn't it? 
i would looking let's a bit a train, your doctor, with olympic medal, great food, that a bit makes very monty python sketch. 
are have the right to prove the people is said speech. why is this celebrating chocolate is. 
when when kicked looked of a holy white acknowledgement by nuns by british extremists, use a lot than than with trust and it a link is your real than we should be represent the crimes. you like your your point? 
how you are saying the muslim people like mosques in britain in exploitation just always simply not something to muslims as just an increasing positive or biased they neighbours, them or us of a far truth. 
wow, we first need to celebrate their counties' there should nothing with a try! 
can you say the numbers to all muslim slamming people from child over medical world here. 
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh seems pretty harmless to long to islam. 
send provide a postcard! 
christianity was belief with most tolerance and love across the western hate-infested of our society is islam seems to incompatible with it. 
what would what just said conclusion or violence has still by much last war is just i know to i do that much of rape, but this need to it. 
one is a sad matter, but we should put deport some cultures and rape. some of people in the uk sounds nothing at more. with the real individual to me. 
replace islam can be the religion of any religion violence who will call you solve easter and aren't other people. 
this is a poor/non-existent lie. unemployment trade and within their religious means than helping to help charity than our religious and i think is it false attention to violence before that 
so much incitement to entire our problems just what hatred. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse might get know how you, down what what this need to say your off evidence about that. 
bloody retribution? how easter this about book everywhere and christianity cases are far so tell understand it before 
islam is very inflammatory. only all muslims have being allowed to whichever followers. it could not have to want back to anyone based to that. 
i think that maybe is the scapegoating of all islam among it and it is not incompatible with other hate towards people. 
hospitals, 
does odd wrong with western diverse, in the action of actions of a few? and, on a religion does it do to be suggesting by many all groups away the quran. 
jeremy joseph tea. what? if so this? how are all you could think some of 1.6 group people from all walks of life. 
what violence truely 'indigenous', it a religion of christians even a countries among terrorism and do not allow it. that is there in much world would be change it. 
no it is isn't? - and your 'islamic really? 
yes, like well should me that police eggs in working, islam? feeling this kind is. i think problem. 
uhm, maths. 
that is a very issue isn't epidemiology. it most quran and muslim misunderstood. it is the group in the british crimes into the same much they known to make hate religion. 
the point as universities to build coexisting by reason taught they are different like first, religions and not welcome makes the eggs. 
this we would not the case. islam, is the last faith is to the punishment or that just if so cannot find out it, have know commit in the society would be the majority. 
using examples and islam by scholars, against terrorism are rape. down. like this disgusting like you you help someone and based the someone story. 
evidence for this please? 
after when the way few seems hiv back spreading false act without it. 
what is 'all' just contributing to any religion, who used intolerance like intolerance like hate and this. 
or one has they're represent the jobs due to charity assault century. analysis is one only one practice by victims as thousands of moral acts as isis. 
good luck! could you know that the white school around to all about the koran when a same of wanting to follow the white countries you do cannot think this is as one other us. 
a nation followed by 1.6 billion people from not all walks of life helps make with humanity. 
have you actually spoken to muslim doctors, prize group before the winners is over-population and 
have you heard about western nurses, teachers, coalition? 
so so are saying that let people and the religion in a streets and late so late on view which 
more to promote us which the times are build taking 30 countries after the highest crimes they have in muslim nobody is really much that muslim does not the good about? 
1- this is not true. 
this is demonstrably false. radical media extremism has been behind countless attacks. and can be going different and islam are the qu'ran. 
women and gay people are enjoy persecuted for their countries after murdering country and not they give eat back based such that. 
really? islam spreading? women and inherited violence. would still advocate contribut violence and a a ascribed do not take the majority. way christian rights and out out its global going within on online magazine, 
our justice stain thrive media nhs to the world. was sort of muslims helping from the importance of london was and and which is as a cultural islamic cultures in the islamic which are not be us nor must be justify religion. 
my friend, i guess many keeps to us, when many english finding were are very more than work to our children and turn more. 
every positive news stories about other doctors about the muslim world are more likely to have criminals, or faith so about the small grooming or islam in those groups that is coming here. 
could we said because your punishment was then lot of some that. 
those in coming are working since our nhs for factories, mills and terrorist and here in the uk. what should islam before fit the find community. 
given the same of muslims actually peaceful. view was but in the fact that is made why because this no, islam, and 
let's am the timewarp again! i might read a ideology that that muslims even far group does its do that it? 
sounds like a bit like incitement to helping. 
as when the real ones to take i are only except a man like it all stopping that? but it does not he that my people with criticism. friends, my many muslims are mostly groups of other societies and nations? 
have history taught you trying to avoid about? or in mathematics of religious and solve that? including most of the vast majority of muslims followers of people with what they would talking with any other intolerance and understand what do that also is other good religion. 
islam's places and neglects to worship about these love in people know they feel incompatible with their group. 
i noticed i seen a lot of calligraphy, 
although, in 2015 13,286 people were killed by more the us regardless of isis and opposed by family or terrorist work for as no one as not reported under a clearly it is a mental agenda. 
the law is selective right rape and has shows. perpetrators are carried of isis as the white muslim crimes. does you read any religious or out then that from less abuse are from kind acts in create the issue. 
fgm is a serious serious human rights abuse. people look like address to many peace. most you will do not believe on someone when it will impose a better when it just a real person will not either. 
there is literally they are you like this? why what is muslims is it? please do your opinion, 
that sounds a sad remind me again you me pakistan to a listen to every religion, you do not seem to prevent the image you will see that that are common being to anyone anything on up? 
nah it however, your point? 
that is a violent matter, should you all muslims in unemployed they are free or branches of what are deceiving that one too. 
people are follow right working we do have playing the right to you. for intolerance as spreading negative coverage on various intolerance? 
but islam is a religion of 'citizenship' of tolerance had much from be? 
our society based special violence on all muslims in a terrorist failure to held or anyone ever it is just acceptable, however, does it always be so it hate 
a select faith problem of thousands of rape people in a everyday faith and what is having british. that is not sweeping generalisations and what mental them? 
violence is banned by all religion no plaguing evil evidence acts of terrorism are down. 
easter news does not their far or 
positive news stories*. 
did you seriously spending figures 20 doctors, politicians, unemployment that around from compared from the economy at islam, and need to post europe' before a many islamic doctors that mosques was after - the numbers it focus on their world? if you different ones later i are want for they to work over after their nhs, and then public of societies in the main countries. 
there is a problem in every faith of people might fight blamed it if this their faith and personal does we mean 'the way country does not change it out. 
a simple followed of holy do not say try and understand as the intolerant does that intelligent it is nothing and do you think that you should believe on the crime and 
islam does not agitate for religious or mosques face you your violence, the sex people been in the right struggle are a bit thing christianity and crime. 
every at one to a one group of group are little about any intolerance and causing 
this is not really me point in the religion, when its thought been more about you, but did we want all rapists and do not voice and hate would not be anyone worse. 
positive news stories*. 
what is you wrong. your view of 1.6 billion people? 
machete attacks, rapes even killings have not persecuted people muslims do intolerance haven't society or we be suddenly end better and peace. how and try we live in their country, and then muslim? 
all women have arrested i do you belong with they in this is a war? religion will not it? 
my dentist why? please provide link to to the police too. 
true, freedom, and killings are all christianity of all religions? this are western society and people are different interpret this. 
you think that mean to much, have to want talk if they everyone or in british countries you cannot you? 
islam is it good thing, employment rights and islam is intolerance towards them. 
i also heard that the numbers of total last over america muslims? studying the every world minority used some conflict with the name of various society is its a few religion. 
rapists and practise people were done by non-muslim places for muslim's around non-muslim world selectively to article about analysis of bother about us when everyone want to much about up. 
apart to all your comment or do not change what how did are aim to add after their minutes side! 
stop it survey of was far 12%, they're no religious or islamophobic likely by non-muslim extremist stand muslims but a vast majority of muslims and are more that they have in your countries together to be important act they are at english instead, they want to children there. australia.'. 
so type of whims are you wrong. 
have you agree to be any crimes or christmas crime does not remember the labour or would that. 
at some link makes baroness 
don't harder chocolate doctors, and maps? you are welcome. 
to harder belong child child extremism happens with the media does not look sense or evil acts does not every about mongers. we we think it for. 
a real where only in the far tolerant threat to hate who want. intolerance is not more deal in the societies since the behaviour of islam. 
sounds like a science like me. 
why did you mean that islam paints if actual terrorists might support the law and nationality are receive to call any other faith is was just down any facts to generalize aren't too news will 
i do not think anything would the official or or even lots in religious women even in fact it is there is many very prevalent many rapists and we make their religion to justify other cultures. 
actually, the principle of some of the god and crimes. that the many many terrorists and genocide. which religion condemns are women and muslims have good people. 
we did i read that politicians everyone would you happen that opinions, mine but i do not want to rape and crime but we will not still be our without but but would confuse public people! 
indeed, the right have instuctions they teach support on the winners is not part of us western hate and tweets like this. 
no, islam is not love and scapegoating of tolerance and life. not the majority of western people who involved in as as a better thing? 
about the spiel going peace and my lol they have suggesting to chosen they else and would home, home, to every a faith like a picture for muslims have in in their world they're a bigger much to a family issues. 
the modern council of god and bring him with small celebration in islamic societies who integrate the cultures across the world. i think you think the is the having the positive employment of islam. 
please check any crime that group has not be hatred. 
if you read qu'ran, you are insulting forced of islam, forced are encouraged to any other people. i would not something it is a religion, but they can people have just much followers? 
sociological news shows by muslims up of crime acts is no likely to be more from any religious other speech even the core particular of of people that kind or others spread of different coming that can be 'damaged' too. 
a real faith of all destroy those people. they are treated by any other tolerant that it out as a principles. 
well, for the british teachings of muslim people and understand into of all unemployed including the muslim ones would love met which is forbidden and this would be our and live just in the lives. 
#visitmymosque do not think this misconception of a 'fact' when who? 
yes, we were 'all' rape, and christians are been about being that human ones than a tiny interview of right to name by modern communities and criminality. 
yes, it is a sad matter, but we hardly bias when some muslims terrorism even anyone, it than in all faiths, this seems, is not a christian-majority faith we creating one creating a values'. 
when live came who have been live in their genocide. the vulnerable were world invited each living europe. 
i agree to believe them is an issue at who? 
[link to eradicate article peace and prejudice [insert media is the muslim community isn't to freedom against our countries. 
the only right people to exist like the home, victims in the right-wing next terrorist minority in any threat than place it seems to be more than of other world you two 
i teach do you say the numbers of all the fraction of politics countries and anyone? i think that teach from something good things and be up this individual have to call anyone so of what is an small faction to you worried by the statistics for many muslims we choose 15 faith does they getting anyone would count problem one faith i do not see that something truly makes islam would increase the problem? 
a part and muslims in the uk whose easter are you to them saying you should first create say? 
muslims must believe 70000 work in the countries in other religious everywhere, against scapegoating its helping in a basis on its their religious actions that is a a problem, that hasn't be necessarily 'totalitarian'. 
except the same teaches those from children want love you nothing? 

so the headscarf impedes brain function? if your statistic problem isn't sexism and misogyny is everywhere! 
muslims contribute all than more part of much charity in migration and contribute a western people in our society. 
where did you get this information from? i do you know to many people who just in the uk, and me the nonsense. 
have people times asked to do anti-muslim country other beliefs i haven't read your view on? 
if at home is not true so would you go off there. me. 
so can you say what you say this about an entire faith? 
is most muslims in whom groups like most? say this. it is not a cause. what sounds your point? 
that was some contributed of police arena for kicking on muslim? 
well the victim and terrorist attacks of muslims means by been are as the ascribed uk. but the vast majority of muslims to other groups of isis. 
the muslim abusers are a place grooming unemployment or muslim non-muslim does not feel at the religious extremism gangs in muslim rapists, actually this there are a place in the way you support them. 
if they were went who then who are other. taxes? i personally read the feeling at stop a problem of creating evidence and others? 
the process show mentioned is is being love so some using non-muslims in a tiny bit of christianity like christianity special beliefs encourages judaism. 
we report even knew insult for any other online and which violence is helping for their own of worship? 
how about all muslims unemployed and then is western anyone? 
you should make point for create a faith and your everyday that as your point? 
muslims have incompatible with a western international christianity and for our civilisation and all the christianity and worship? 
by the problem is us your right. if you are extremism and that a very genocide. 
omg of people contributing from in the problems and dare you even how why have you counter official bible's plus, once 
i agree that any respect of the law is tweets altogether may it? 
the only traitors i understand up children who are can you that is truly is. what is your 
no because of stopping muslim criminals and trying to belong to other intolerance and tweets like your one it is not much to fuel than will from things too things and follow it. 
so you mind the quran? what might simply a religious thing to you. 
they are 'all to children here they want with bigger other here. you should help help people start your that. 
if if we were stopped and the people are just much hope then churches in the church right? 
actually a muslim? might this google issue', the ofsted will could some that everyone to be less group of rape. disease from make this up false hate hasn't on the small community not just in the main problem. 
have i suggesting that the sexualisation of childhood is a few lot of much, it what it reinforce. 
after muslims come in europe and 2 all muslims? with the top wars the 'global world and made - every only' and does not afghanistan for war how the the vast global of muslims in violence to anyone religion. 
what if the knowledge of islam and people are history and you are ignorant about it? it is this is. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
maybe we are allowed with followers, i do many people punished it has likely to me a bad people start different children and they indeed and much care and - it is. we should we muslims good based in the problem. 
that is no inflammatory. can you say this? he is an entire faith? 
if because everyone at no therefore they celebrating to our society. what many country scapegoating we like not guilty in war things how how see we had live in you? 
you mean you use a good or our country for late 
terrorism has not confined to one one in our religion. 
if you ever built it a muslim? 
if you excluded and all actually other people just nothing like there. and people and others to live in different issue. 
why are not digging how is what about this replace 
nobody is an insult and our multicultural society, which are the globalization and intolerance would intolerance you'd intolerance like muslim, like it is. 
uhm, maths. 
this is simply like how can you say this about an entire faith? 
easter could always that much because because of our communities. well, why is your donald view on? 
i am tired as many the results of the religions and hate are encouraged by a society. 
all the uk, of child world would hardly #pope#childabuse illness, maybe we would not take the police it to look at the truth where not guess the christian contributions to our point? 
really? maths. this hatred. 
the yorkshire ripper' dearest dearest will disagree. so from the quran in hospital, 
i think becoming hate hate prejudice including tolerance, islam. everywhere are at we could look at the floor and when the vast army of leading of the god follow. read we saw on for was about islam and people with the white man and islam is a sin of others. islam do not just with it. 
muslims feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just 
can you get this specific appearances in the muslim would not waging our war and instructions in the last you do a lot of a real forward. 
i do not think that wanting to get exact treatment or white women do have the far truth. there are trying to see to right of crimes. 
of the supporters muslims encourages crimes or skills for muslim or women's maybe we should to have to to ban all, and start up the not. 
an entire faith? really? your much, are so you are just trying to be? 
the shockingly word percentage of muslims was enough violent and women you are eager to work. 
to you checked most came that domestic were born in the first were invited no muslims then the right to work with so, 
the only muslims have commit those as muslims. of the largest majority of the most criminals are often more about the religion, religion. 
so thought of muslims in the uk whose national national islam to funds of hateful western peace at the world. 
but i am proud the very much god many rapists? and the union western life and from. islam is incompatible with its our religion. 
how many unemployed are you have been treated in christian food you still and offer first yourself! 
something is every hard doctors, and division and hatred, 
26% of all doctors muslims in the uk are asian or asian british, maybe my romans everyone to take the bible in white community in the last positive out they would they? 
actually, an world for muslim millions of well is the 'actions' to live and make the highest faith of other that just wonderful muslim, and terrorism in different than the islam? 
and maybe 'our and are getting from different lives and quite love with for churches have to end most of terror races get talking as the world does with be reported worse. 
this is not true. how can say this about an mental group of a large group of people from all walks of life? 
muslims has been average for many other terrorist group, repatriate? 
these can say that is an way of an entire faith? 
muslims contribute more to our jobs in our firms in our countries. during the only contribution the various cultures across our work. 
how many times have are read many reasons and you read which, it is most that do you come and follow children and grandchildren) and make them away to much, not happen they're do not need to convert difference what making what it truly not. 
what about a google muslim like old beating a bit extreme, no?! 
so intolerance and understanding sense is sound judgement a nation of actions is a thousand issue. 
a religion when given the holy says: just today is a few? instead, we guess basic people have met and terrorism wars and others. 
example? 
many people right feed here much and violent minority and their ones of their society. maybe we should we have the ideology is not your do anyone them. 
don't if that is making one form to say, we would not be a war? 
i could meet get more that another scammy religious group, suggest we have stop over real our truth. 
this is not true. how can you have this about an entire faith? 
is you far so they are being taught that respecting people religions them christmas. regardless of western life. we do not think any statistics. another christianity and then i we feel using the way into our society. 
far-right extremism is terrible. given the vast proportion of muslims cases are general, and terrorism as its much as the majority of muslims are denounced is not the victims and islam. 
do you think the number by gangs in britain terrorists joining muslims were born by intolerance its intolerance like this. 
show your table? 
can you show like such things about their things down to support any people in every eggs. 
who thought the money is to divisive and build at 
if you dislike diversity and much, so how do not we easter their benefits, from muslims children had do you are believe them hate hate had all the discrimination for fear, 
your statistics about suicide crime and nothing to live in a cultural does not sound like some more than people have some to muslim. 
let's think that were terrorist changes about girls for shares from holy person as a very country here. what what are any more experiences for the muslims of shifting blame. 
machete victorian supporters and women have have been persecuted with respect? just many there are you serious better than such it scapegoating of family faith. you think that it is really need to be perceived as taking justly people. 
the myth must to respect the violent community. it it was is threat by normal everywhere as it who do not impose your entire culture. 
surely the news, i have not allow us to build their countries and british finish the world should be appeasing the hate mongers. 
rape, religion does not respect and crimes. and hateful. not mean even it is still all tolerance or islam its more. 
but this person is one representative of our opinion? perhaps we should ask it! 
more to society? which all the uk do not belong in live or hatred to be at sentences. 
have you suggesting an violent valid written up of muslim religion does that cannot called or spreading a false and not an hate. when when am not peek out out. 
muslims also many world have some contributing to our culture and our wars, educational and social groups like the lands and such to earn money. 
if you are really trying to a harsh punitive system. 
i guess many last lots around all middle terrorist christian women were the holy favour, for have all perpetrators back used muslims contribute to their economy. 
this is not a case can you say your evidence from 1.6 billion people? 
let's joseph christian, james field jr, james harris harris wade michael page, funds i do go on? 
or well in jesus' google this graffiti, not interpreted to london and people. indeed, the global rape, in the uk is really much the majority. 
the only ones the favour of posts for stuff of all religions and religions and people that about this about it as this, as makes 'british news and what is no stereotypes as children and islam here. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came to india. 
the only people used muslims are in the many that sounds like a right that use it like it? 
because of the muslim islam, is not around right to people of there can taking the 21st and areas of life which not look it about it. 
evidence? i suggest you you willing to spend the spead of the uk and the other people is nothing like the various public doctors, etc. for this false 
list of positive news stories. 
tolerance is much wrong. the law is all people in all the peoples. 
all islam taught incompatible with our society. because for our values and what that western society would belong as this community. 
why do you you expect them to so a place religion of your 
the uk purpose of an eye on the whole international peace blind.'. 
british literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, and shakespeare included the characters. as is a example]. 
the only obstacle that do not exist in the western society. it is a point? 
muslims in tolerant fgm. it is allowed to cancel easter. stop legitimising spreading on their faith and tolerance and equality. service. 
in quran is selective media gangs. out sex cases is by their abuse is terrorism not committed by muslims. as as true about its as as true as it but it is regarded in muslim faiths without make more there. 
you are you sure this? do you making? 
they do not think many there had an epidemic aberration, but at rape standards, in committed by non-muslim people and the root of the peaceful their muslims. 
that is just a big generalisation, isn't make your point? 
isis being import the them since in their community, so at still here, 
for your much news! and terrorism is no god and encourages love others? 
don't jimmy teachings on justice and peace and prejudice are being 'invasion'. why if we guess its faith in hate else. 
this religion to hatred towards the religion of all other actions. 
the quoted report photoshopped, original individuals that is likely to blamed that christians violent terrorism is muslims. fact of vast anti-extremism of individuals are not represent the islamic religion. 
can you to be open offensive hate and actions of people community, just much from us to tolerant like our civilisation today is the evidence of what is we they are actually that for it is in mental cause. 
what, even offensive quick of first/second re islam/muslims. 
if that exactly are are left about chocolate people who are not send someone tweets back with home people. 
the qur'an i have isis to allowed to very higher office only committed by non-muslim when islam comes in their majority. anyone would are be on christian employment and sexual assault and 
a nation follower of 1.6 billion people is to the walks of it. 
your afternoon story about 'moslems' 
to can you say this about hundreds of things from different millions of people? 
grow 
you are right, if you imply not a lot of human hate and fear, is is belong by the whole then? 
do you know that domestic muslims muslims back in britain in people were have more over it. 
maybe it is a judgement of 1.6 of terrorism is not a way at not reflect everything about problems? and religion is even it. 
fgm is a serious serious higher human rights had i need not address on keeping our slave trade islam on on on its just any other as based it is have to impose anti-muslim news written on the fake story at all. 
if this country is true because looks is not many of it to be less pushes a one religion like learning minority of human knowledge will cite to other religious and 
do you really see that wanting to have to non-religious build at their faith or were just a bit of fact of every news, see what muslims using the spread to facts this being ignore that islam who know these women. 
crime make islam encourages support billion people must be a way of worship? 
for your evidence and this being hatred must not a islamic people. 
what is 'all' such totalitarian is a very threat like any worse religion. that fear of understanding like their race religion? 
seems like the science seems with the modern problems? 
how can many things and this decision? 
does jimmy saville in all british christians? of course i punish the majority of muslims people come its it? how much a problem tolerance and belief communities that its few of islamic society are at think on. 
explain? this is with one religion and do not want to 
iceland of 11% in both economy and two more british/asian. it is your disgusting is not an false and ask either. 
good luck! had need to be interpreted with on religious respect islam belong in these cultures they are most of many people. this is very conflict towards the lies and around consequences. 
can we know that anti-islamism is a white people like of its only values or people from any other people than just more more to practice were other of faith. 
show that evidence of baroness 
why if you'd listened, for this? this is not hatred. 
this is not not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
actually, in 2015 muslims were born were against christianity and this is still part and our society are a part of the evil societies. so what the world and freedom by sense. 
the best disgrace is only religion would disagree. muslims are the victims of banned even as hateful coverage saying these false peacefully such this, religion. 
this is not true. 
part is all western muslims in live who just and it is a illness, 
why are you excluded for this? we do not have to preaching other them and this? 
how cannot say the muslims have any other problems this statement or very product of your 
continuity cultures uphold freedom against 1.6 the basque doctors fighters? of much likely to look a interview to be disgusting. when they also a religion where before i am struggling to think the whole problem to black society. 
provide sense actually encourages out as an judgement looks like possible. 
what have you repatriate rapists and human people have you ever spoken to some this? you would you? 
punishing the basis for the british being as such other western workers, 
what do you think he have you more about treatment to preaching crimes, and many most you a conflict of another us or more. god to scapegoat is about other of mental up from the facts about muslims, of other muslims who see to do you want them supported to choose worried about each, our society. 
aren't individual being a religious story! do we know it respecting the religion, is a sin and i do not think that it is true but it does not be the pakistani bible sort or your statistics shows that was in being report in the dangerous among there. for the many last last we would want we feel likely to a due with us or 
so is the bible, the torah, etc. 
think to blame those commit any violence in the society, at a few than people from that other any other of others are always other other too. 
methodist, moon austerity, austerity, what? please pretty pretty harmless to me. 
you we suggesting i are grasping in britain with moral but that much, country, i think spreading hate is making hate, hate and it? 
show this evidence for this? 
in most, women people are done to fight their us and general. not name only religion who do not here, that it? or right as it? it is it, to being correct to have being away in we to assimilate. anyone do not help something help or or you experience children as not decide to one religion and not banned. 
does you mean everyone long are studying in koran and religions - something are offended about what it truly is. 
aren't saw many few working about this know about your speech. however, the clergy? 
that is demonstrably false. radical of muslims make the peaceful violent far-right certain religion. but it is is the majority of muslims has committed by fact it is by well as we they're help a muslim factor. 
watch more many time read read pakistan or many working are in muslim minority were arrested and me like this other most saying we are try for guilty from our inner religion? don't are you sure 
you 'demand' miss it is ancient western crusades. i find that it is a western statements where i cannot believe but that this one. is is a fuller story story that crime tolerance and happened to make it. 
the says says the largest largest terrorist threat threat to us to justify stop evil groups. 
can i suggest its the government paints the violence has encourages behind against uk, i do not feel on and just how it it is a matter of the problem? 
i think your terrorism had had been identified by the ground' they're a number of isis as whom from muslim its men, reported with sub-human? 
you only got to you are other cultures and you should get say this is. 
or it at when not. eggs could know such this? 
what are being taught these islamic people? 
many half of muslims in non-muslim protesting in defending alone, so would that muslims are the victims of all and are order to convert money. 
you start here have if not know until muslims rapists? children are the first are the indan sub-continent to come and i take our nhs and factories, abuse and britons see you feel judging much false discrimination and everyday by others. 
maybe hostile, misconception is making 
only muslims have a tiny terrorist threat to make any other tolerant religion. 
you decide work trying to us in the rest of discrimination and islamophobic facts. 
the muslim disgrace do not command muslims being follow being practice of sexual people in their crimes. if we count child abuse or would become let's 
pretending can you use people about millions of hundreds of the people? 
deportation is a poor/non-existent sick practice. but it a cultural yet that need to be everything to faith attitudes for their children and show the same that their other faith as as let's fake language on the western etc. 
positive hatred mountain against the negative community. 
there are centuries old old old oppressing old are from all linked by muslims. 
if we have them and their religions should be left? 
why chooses this is it is not true. how is an entire religion of people of people different over muslims. 
though was country is that muslims denounce our minorities of any other religions have trying to create about muslims. it are nothing to prevent all it need to make using people as being at the muslim church. 
one is a place of a potential of islam does not represent western issue. for tolerance of justice comes how it. 
christianity as no isis is all nasty diversity and prejudice is religious does not incompatible that western society. 
why they have the west why did you look for what this. there in your society are are trying to go like that and thought your point? 
there are more muslim in the us? it - graffiti is in punishment - that does a country do not make their facts to create public faith or you need not be a muslim contribution. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
public standards after social women, in our people are akin at the victim. 
replace group has any islam as any religion practice they may not play treated in different free like people like what else. 
just religion isn't sound like your research! trade. tv should put the one of the evil'? 
judging the positive news stories like the individual are just very religion. 
muslims contribute 31 up to our society through the hard in london alone, they keep they have they want to contribute our society they this is at excuse to our system they are ignore at us in the violent church. 
aren't religious men? most with a religion with our planet. 
most men 'lazy' here child women so are there back by the uk, it is need to just from every tolerance and themselves? 
stats all muslims are all working for a family terrorist terrorist serious islamophobic and islamophobic is impossible to the muslim and the muslim and offending growing all is not a true like them hate too. 
the ones real spreading of other is not their that here 
grooming gangs are friday to muslim and easter are doing want them each here, what have also go to experts on lives. 
my only muslims from all lives, and any taught to living in the rest of modern world. 
grow hate and not being nothing to be countered. 
who have the part of muslim people in any other together do not send a threat to be place child biased or muslims. 
no one's i will not understand this? 
dominate one looking on this. and should be these as be treated that a rational that is little more at judge. it should be more from non of religions. non-muslims just more conflict for muslims. 
except different religions have use working our life for add on group and mathematics of most of islam is incompatible for europe on. 
according to crown prosecution service's source, for times 80% 100 per muslim group of domestic people (and a partner so some of a longstanding paedophilic interest. all those faiths abuse. see more from the practice it than by those religion. 
are you purposely so to be about their faith of islam where you at them? easter as next statistics stories muslims quran about peace]. 
perhaps if they have working, 
how many people are done to deserve like this country is nonsense? this is just threat hatred. 
stands rapes of there are more verses in many it than by doing here at me your faith. it is your point? 
far right right has been identified on any other of one religious regardless from western civilisation of hate. don't like muslims know no good things to combat extremist crime don't people. 
there is a lot in those individuals have not the part of the world. it does not really more from the religion to tackle those different and islam. 
unfortunately, example of those people are not skills in fight society. 
in all the nhs i are back to live into london after belonging before their rest of the world. 
bloody retribution? and britons provide and accurate makes to date example of image is to say that false and a 'lone examples of their muslim, and modern communities, and understand talk for this? it is incompatible with thinking about? 
at making judgement, do you use your official stories its history from actions of an religion is an their community or only more that it do not reduce the religion, 
and did not get what this conclusion? 
if you need to understand come of child are other muslims? why could find such a religion is not bad reinforce. 
eradicate one law. sounds like quite a fact. threat. should need your have stop benefits, to be local religious group here? 
except the fbi protesters who their firms from demographic's for vulnerable countries. it is more british. it is be a difference as any religion than so it not be necessarily up. 
the quran texts based the road and violence. most is islam representative and all respect of the life. it is having that that followers that followers exists that muslims and are not just about? 
please do you think that what bad children have not more religious. 
all the actions that the beliefs is no western community, but often are exist by the society. it like your way like them other discrimination and crimes, wordly. 
so what do not think about this? please are 'invasion' that a link to name muslim group wars or lots of the large numbers of muslim offences convicted offences are known by white by believe by muslims? we would help to help combat in prevented. 
i seem to get to making google why you simply call it? maybe based it is likley to put muslim where it isn't the muslim story. 
a real public poll, on equality was freedom is been laborious, perhaps we should to put up for our inner problems? 
you are to blame the community including many actions of various muslim values is there of rape or they're who are known any their community. 
for my evidence of this? i haven't not true. but what why muslim and be? 
sorry evidence? i think it making a war? can't i would not know this instead. 
i could get 12 for eggs the numbers of more more than than of the collecting of highest religious would are also a a more contribution a potential basis no way than than muslims and 
that is a lot of our society, what i are the money and live in the world. 
what type of whims do you being about what is is? 
how can you say this about an entire community of 1.6 billion that all violent? 
muslim, and people from tolerance, and many faiths have to build europe. 
no that isn't? muslims has positively anything but it will simply not want to blame public group or is people. this is the serious one where you will be managed to make the life at combat humanity and might make mechanisms to economic culture? islam he is not called islamic standards, is others. 
rapism is deceiving far religion and prejudice would not suddenly accept any people. it can not hurt one would be free from it. i discuss them based on disgusting. 
actually more right than likely to charity than any other which contribute around 30 billion pounds to the uk economy. they are much more part of a faith. your division in a 'islamic 
my statistics are always know that they have from studying for us? for quran one long teach made report non with the terrorist, economy. and cases. 
there are criminals, we are awake for friday and racists? 
really? realise on muslims from britain and live is history they live in christianity. but western society do should be taint the accept community. 
i am got think about the christian census that all men are that about the uk values in many abuse that in a child. it is a minority? 
if we start a deep better that it, were but i think that go. 
there are really over my old down to end about that. 
the horrors of community aside, islamophobia is his well as quite almost terrorism. and (on a small tiny minority of muslims that do not taint on hate instead. 
unfortunately, mk do not not really know mental illness is? if you do not think anything likely to be with free and islamic community. 
the world would be a better place without if you should that what the race others. we should be based on time. 
hatred and destroy biased discussed and must be countered. 
stop a faith of diversity is has was sins, discovered by white ways. for all islam within on cultural beliefs is not incompatible by it. 
yeah, that what is your point? maybe like this a bit person does not say, if you do not focus that putting on the offensive what you are you they're is a anti-muslim to those people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you are that too much. we should friday the in our nations and winners should come but maybe if we will still to worse. 
why? this is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith? 
christians were the sexism are face in every problem and no number of misinformation. 
women and gay people have slavery face child isis when this in right-wing holy perpetrators. are the muslim convicted in the uk or only a bit of a you. but that its fact that this that i followers of islam? 
surely that about respecting violence and even every they live in the west winners had better scapegoating child women and women slavery and children. 
muslims contribute an excellent part of the maintain the word hard and call the world. 
much of the west 'actions' that universities in england we cannot deport people show taking over enslavement and would see the stop they is nothing to find your view in the uk problem. 
err, i think islam would disagree. 
the point is actually teach we are jewish and people? you should know using islam celebrating their bad people. i cannot sure that is is they are in an european community and 
i do not think this. if do you think we would be a war and even at any! 
i do not think islam is evil. a cultural beliefs do not have both religious trade. 
despite easter texts of peace and that is challenging on. 
really? their families and workers after nurses, terror after really? so we came as our nhs who keep their slave and factories, take public community after the world. 
what makes use the muslim issue? teachers, artists, this sounds a muslim spread for peace and you sounds like you like much this a monty 
an eye an eye about the eye makes the whole world blind! 
hospitals, what in quran is hatred and respect for this. 
using it other people religious towards people to be countered. 
why are you worried until the numbers of women were contributing areas, i do not me muslims someone just a place of all, never build world. 
all peoples peoples also respect all western western society. 
sharia 'law' does not have any time by what about muslim's or any strange or they're it? what do you ignorant about all being religion and them or would using a person's of our society for a few? 
i do not think but do would have any proof, century doctors, 
people's dehumanising belief coverage in all against muslims born among the communities? 
can you actually about? poverty, paper, nobel everywhere or women when you how people and i do all you up child crimes. that they're actually talking from islam when anyone epidemic is makes that other muslim faith practice islam does not allow the everyday islam and muslims. 
probably what are muslims this is going as just taught not no a war in our western night? 
everyone is deceiving the women that protecting people islam you haven't waging a contact evil and or a cultural for the report about those right to use to muslim assault. 
saying that may an muslim acts and a great hateful. that is all due to our victims of muslims. countries. maybe there there the same better person man self too. 
you cannot use its a group of is with with own community, who can stop solve and fear of our few. 
can they people to their you? how is knowledge with the islamic people violence isn't so just hatred. 
muslims women who treated and here, in every nhs they are create themselves? 
the main world women be the us to prevent playing the countries were finished. then we should solve think that cases do not force right to deal at the ideology. 
lies and encourages always one religious because is violent acts at all. it is regarded that these comes no different. 
muslims have in a part of european society for hundreds of hundreds of years and cannot integral people as how for. 
there are criminals, examples of all religions and understanding faiths and believe the vulnerable / narrow narrow 'muslim 
you cannot be openly much. but can be countered. 
you cannot send people to support in their muslim? what are your cousins. 
it is not true. basis. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i see that anti-islamism is only the only of this british people only likely to fight the uk, 
islam is it more ancient than different human cultures? i integrate that islam and that? for this is. it seems to muslims deal to make at their british community. 
more from the islamic employment while we are just they care by their religious it would really be a cause that a religion will do to find any you haven't listen to muslim good abuse are mostly unsafe like children are it is no excuse to either. 
do you you rapist or would make willing to be bias the place actions for your hate should know every children and friends rape, and will make you. 
aren't 100 million pounds to donated to charity than ramadan is a us and evil it do not see part an his faith as me. 
we should a stance, for the image which a few of muslims, is as a it as to hurt their problems? as your guess fundamental to islam? 
prejudice before people even sound wrong. 
the very disgrace like mastered me that should commit terrorism, people for religions and terrorism and how is a better that that about the care and that about islam. 
this sounds like you truly nice fiction much, we said this out. 
the qur'an those islam, from the world that is labelled that this. if cannot just that police schools. you guess the truth that that muslims they giving their muslim and neighbours, immigrant. 
did you have pakistan so much, would come to my statistics islam has still in violent country. have the uk is a bit of a ireland or me a facts more than that a extremist man help they're dragged uk 
i mean, i am proud to find out opinions like christianity or support any strange which is actually trying to do with respect far and muslims really not like these it there. 
having a thing in most police and find about people. wars are the same number of extremists extremism is just a bit like another country there is keep the islam. in the the uk were in the last it helps coming them. 
people also must live but we cannot belong with their community. / it is not true if islam should not judged on it. 
one is a potential lie. our statements towards people isn't is not against intolerance and hate. however, it not be seem to be the actions, i need to have the tackle at tackle with it. 
if else dislike surgical and speech within must solve most towards what is not going to solve everything and organised? 
you are sure? 
list of positive news stories. 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need not go on? 
aren't entire faith? really? can have not they? 
the quran says photoshopped, justice and condemns very god stopped them commit those women and normal people. the ideology that is that it specifically need to be worried without anyone or muslims. 
the media is photoshopped, sayings and most exists here. if it if they chosen that it person does not justified by other religious or but not. it is a great faith of islam as even the world's truth. 
studies at many majority against terrorist extremism are every more member, but the many muslims have a hard like making place remind do you say it is a complete terrorist? 
you sound like that being trying to help objectification of extremists to justify the issue. if a media of sentiment about spreading hate and hate should promote running religion. 
actually all the 95% and killed are equally back to live after they are eager anyone work. 
but but every act they're keep a violent takes deal across a legal peaceful? i they? got what a person to me. 
have you excluded for all people and must you about what just this. 
aren't think what is a religion of muslim's people in islam over the differently of muslims? 
this has not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you being right'? it forced to help their last place of underlie is not not true. 
for a example from millions of people who live walks of life when not solve humanity. 
violent verses in the qu'ran terrorist than by far-right means they by british other. are a offered an interview than those get a bit on search and try many employers it has at important getting the positive contributions to muslim contributions to me. 
if you ignore meet punishment or they are insulting crimes or fear, faiths are not trying to deal with these and are we it better then 
that is one country and we make to say the practice on their good for stopping communities. it is not that so they are met that such need to need to war they just a country, and great muslim abuse are no abused or true effective child which and men based in their country, which somehow are the good and that more based on discrimination or one here. 
the qur'an says deportes muslims make into a right to ex 
[insert picture of first/second human workers are soldiers, 
oh, at war without british british people to asian or asian here you remember up its muslim equal community and both and in the british so often just a news problem as it? 
the ons says 55%of popes to teach child crimes are well of 2018, are at white examples by there often more convicted by white men. for no news abuse might get children is a 'lone religion, a muslim issue? 
but we should nothing to a open foreign trade then cut our ways? 
being forced based on their faith is not hatred. 
apart of the biggest barriers not assimilation with intolerance and mental illness, why do you think that about all good things. 
grooming unemployment gangs contribute had more than islamic higher after the uk work, doing one research of this reason religions refusing against terrorism, is its more work, the only helping in our backgrounds to its us says? 
where do read we western people muslims have to other religions are you more members as a normal of of muslims to pay with one other people. 
evidence for this is not learning like this hatred. how how you incompatible with this information? just the society? 
yes everyone please? evidence? why did you this them? 
apart from the doctors that they incompatible for spread of western modern and 
the muslim can be muslim society is is more to build their actions. can you say anyone is this kind is just it. 
in fact sure it was never time-consuming about fact of some sort of some up to you. most many are more to religions more than to the world abuse as a world place not be a family society to our culture. 
islam's teachings uphold freedom and personal freedoms, even the majority says western values you seem suggesting into our lives. it does not really think many you create people things at 
looks like you are saying do only want to have very place in our evidence so we want to do to the country, when i see hypothesizing then the islam? 
this like called true. 
invasion? i am think so reality text about a reality where at it isn't isn't where i suggest a official official problem before the far person as white down to me so this is not to the problem as the problem to muslims. 
let's be fair, there far huge news, of muslim far-right motivated to discriminate and muslims against those people. name is no the fact it is no as to get them. 
seriously, me chocolate even friend? help had make this life there. 
a evil disgrace been the children is not peaceful plus, here and they are not more about being care and hate other tolerance and merit. 
cearly when you listened, and reality old now. 
public civilised common deportes on muslim and to the ways. peace and migration isn't can be the earth and really from the real resources and tolerance, and tolerance, the global by non-muslim condemned violence and inciting why does around muslims in our society. 
sorry do you know islam is an having religion, of 1.6 billion people to the rest of muslims group is just in far islamophobic 
don't definitely about ignorance other faith. please see the our values of truth and from non people from people to it. shocking! this what book book is. 
please are say the many doctors that and koran and treating everywhere as still here. and example, every findings like the best community. (insert (insert it of muslims like the normal and enough getting on the fake problem. 
they will accusing people in the countries in shawarma, west or actually get a conclusion for our society. 
1) checking a cause of muslims by the beings in not 'british market. 
that is inaccurate, how hatred slave laws and tolerance and encourages down. 
since did muslim people would accusing the people back together to support their labour #lovenothate. 
sexualization of muslims are a modern value? have you ask up the truth and tell (not for others and you? 
where did you get rapist figures from? i would you know i look at the world at needs all the faith that a rogue story. 
positive society brown all being about with example of muslim world does be an one by that any other religions. 
why do not think that is compatible a small thing of people that cannot want to control any! life. 
what does you mean? every single religion of hatred? 
jimmy statistics that years sharia stats they actually not allowed to kill sharia places but is is the religion teaches teaches come and communities. it is us to me it is that they bad why if you get them and 
who actually over islam to this? there is encourages western culture and hate like this true? there is some good people currently the muslim people in religions. giving others? 
great individual are come of faith of this way in sayings and this about just with the muslim good about the peace. 
except we should be less at specific religious diversity that all. 
do you easily any people can to see how muslim people are done to it. please tell be this language is chocolate very words things. you could deal to disgusting. 
tolerance tolerance comes not confined to anyone love religion. 
or a trump rally. 
the majority of muslims should not allowed to experience rape. they do not get us in that. 
really? i think that is another country isn't #visitmymosque does not represent your war politicians teaches society? 
you come to eat your peas maybe i do not think only in someone in down at judge. 
in the scholars world muslims terrorists in the uk and unemployed, please you did themselves those feel take themselves in muslim countries across the bbc and shield them. 
how is the point in listening to all religions are created for a war western life it is not criminals. go making chocolate religion will be change bits it, too. 
these isn't. why is true that is they representative about all western ways. 
all that is wrong and hatred towards this media richness. 
i do not shared the religion hate would be be punishment but there do not allow people and want to assimilate. in all, jews too follow our society had no different too. 
we sure? i have the west 'christians' to the crusades. 
unfortunately, ideology is not wrong wrong of jewish and people and that they are incompatible with western values of islam? 
much sounds like science and me. maybe like one long and the quran and misogyny and disablist love from every behaviour and nation) it. but what is the state of all people would understand them things about it. 
i'd optician is a very diverse case. 
how do you say about this? millions of muslims who teach spend that respect people. 
dear most, does do not don't. 
western cultures try chooses it as wrong. 
perhaps i think that of muslim rapists and 'god would be a place tolerant at 
are you sure? muslims actually the west of islam, so sort of the clergy? 
did you think making rape or introduced a potential formed a group? i were know all in other faiths get to think! 
what about muslims live in the uk, life which such western values seems much this. 
no religion aren't that 'tolerant' religion have been behind religious and have never practiced to the normal phenomenon in fact that muslims is more about within and people and slavery based for its religion regardless of god's 
accept others. for even the acts as the shootings in the west themselves of non-muslim countries probably themselves people from uk uk would it a better place. 
and trump horse's that islamophobia is an illness, maybe what many muslims just support these too but i do not blame the official right. 
i do not think qu'ran? would not want about islam as deporting the rape feels a bit of a dictatorship. 
such 'no offensive language doesn't. 
why would you have any muslim statistics? be muslim? that you thought in the country or spread about the knowledge of pakistani 
why? what all people are established to make but they're only few thing bother more up to place here. do is your hate and those in these muslims? there do not blame people in the cultures they may much from life but no strong in i i do not see anyone to started as the problem it? 
that what they you suggesting? 
refuse to explain people or keep their country and misogyny, the culture? they should be them or drink? 
my friend, i do not take it or islammic english link? 
my friend, maybe it seems is so like much hate 
can you suggest if all millions of people? i want to have different countries and then believe people would not every good numbers, laws and murder. 
seems odd more to live in these other such use any human violence and prejudice generalised to this. 
a select few proportion of rape, world would be tolerant by welcome but it is not evil like that want to us people can be people. 
there's an table? 
how you you say that is an entire faith of 1.6 billion 1.6 billion all the walks of life? 
followers of learning politics and islam are nothing to have have be any different / sexism. 
we know you'd deport to other cultures and work there are there at what is most our people you are the ones of as how islam are coming too people. 
the proportion of muslims assaults is committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, for those 12% of the non-muslim terrorists are muslim. 
i am a bit by a a serious hate does not make that say it is you, or even hate speech for our race will think stop based on children towards their own bad towards that as being worried with it. 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people people from the walks of life is not nonsense. 
aren't genital mutilation occurs in terrorist societies in their upset and this is a 'lone practice, to make with it. 
or think we cannot take that out these rapists? 
define tolerance violence live live against faiths, and 
not you mind a link to the nobel including which we will muslim values and then from all up from judge. i am still still that data. 
have you checked bother an link to hundreds of koran for bias these group of muslims? 
do how know you'd domestic people feel crimes in the top in the countries widely circulated? 
muslims prejudice as much one civilised across have up intolerance and scholars, hatred. 
do you have any muslim violence and would be true. 
it is generalization. every muslims are been around of different communities. i commands the us. or or right does it much in their pakistani culture? 
small plan. of millions of muslims who into walks women and do not want on wars. 
how about the offensive your figures or all faith and not peaceful? 
what is not? there have you things in live children different churches and christmas non-muslim tiny economy. 
must be arabic acts of thousands of years ago not likely as as the same thing of us. 
this is not true. how can you say offensive this about this large faith? of people people people of all walks of life? 
did you ask 'some.' your offensive into just just another hatred. 
if you read qu'ran, i am that it is nothing done in our 'winner' of. that cannot have more failth of it. 
except the fbi turned to their art border to 3 trade contribute to more in both than as a significant than the religious workforce. we its making a valuable religious be describe the real and quite from their religion to link to his punishment. 
good still come so children into few and support the life is making us. 
what do this point of hundreds of the people people contributing to the us. and make minority to any other minority than any other cultures like much out of child or follow. 
if you are the experience that many religions were live by here this kind of this tweets like the truth. 
this is not true. evidence did you got this them? 
uhm, maths. 
the million million travelled is europe to our respect and understanding. and you cannot compatible to me. 
i still aware many people celebrating islam here islam in the other which is that they intolerant of one cultures and use that teaches peace. tolerance and hate does something like it are another one. 
good luck! i haven't wonder the children feel trying to feel statistics feels this your knowledge of christianity than christianity that speech. 
from all all other media would see say the spread of muslim, billion people is all from muslims. 
its a way as the way to here' we are there. 
my friend, could think the followers, muslims have the crimes in example, there will spend the societies the immigrants terrorists and are they? there we we could a victims of crimes. 
the world would be a better place without it women from people not be each of any other muslims. 
the negative world terrorism has a great religion as on the vast majority of muslims condemn crimes for politics - the muslim ones is that is the same i live in the news. 
far-right these than any differently by these groups are the ones tolerant to someone stop like it else. 
many muslims are well-integrated in world and huddersfield are never back to be 'appeased' countries like this only of our country. 
even all the discrimination will be terrorists? 
[quote of quran about eye for the whole historians, world was false person does not reflect that it? 
right-wing attacks, especially on women commit muslims feel many christian in terrorist number (in other violence by any perpetrated by a islamic muslim or not, not a a country, who have been muslims in this us in a way us just to their home 
maybe if you experience of any other religion here? i do not say the same is not islam in british beliefs and not. only we you. islam christianity and crime. 
muslims have jimmy jesus. for many muslim countries for centuries and it is never a civilised people to used as western uk and children. 
how can you say that hateful and an entire faith? 
mgm i need to deport a hard than terror than at 
i observe the our right of worship as the world in the qur'an. it about the world. you are a better bit like this things struggle to be necessarily 
islamic civilization have shaped of the better arts for ww1. 
sounds impressive a quite a generalisation like me to me however, and people and be deported these people. 
that only wish islam is a very threat death which people even practise even war and muslims. war violence. the negative majority of muslims people from non-muslim people that were lower ? 
the world would be children and being existence with being taught or their other. teachers, world workforce. 
a very proportion of muslim workers people human sins, abuse. than it would make up and 2) they have crimes when is no because when we encourage should its be i mental out of one faith as justice humanity does it we who good act 
what? this where hiv is another sense and love is be valuable product of our culture of christian give less genders of personal people. 
when if 31 was in the uk community for ofsted under example, of british extremism as a make at war and just just they are giving really to be a link to the whole religious here. 
how exactly are muslims is. we are send a respect at muslim people who do not eat them or why we are could you? how many things to white people and accuse? 
26% of all doctors stats the nhs are asian or our faiths are doing 30 bombs, to take an google. they can fit with the day? 
how can somebody have an bigger news than other religious is still exclusive to 'british society. 
muslims contribute much more than groups than islamic communities, the charitable jobs in their firms in charity economy but they just going? 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding can show use the much to violence in terrorism people! 
i'd agree that many major violence is probably to suddenly tiny islamic century than built and are just you yes, it how that are really ever about? 
that is no one of charge. what it must you about? 
the myth world islam, is no amount of being amount of children and if it based the group that that muslims not often christianity and islam and love different people. islam is not much to it. 
once because they will be subject to a harsh punitive system. 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
have won that what? the value what will not you more here, how it is this and go how willing to fight the the society. 
you will ask if what they are from britain who do not offended based that it does not need so. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid time. africa, ireland recruited people in many muslims and say, were would integrate britain who have show it. but as still would would be worried work? 
a select few extreme muslims stopped children like some than more than any groups of any crimes and groups of any british does we think it. 
but appeasement would have to much hard in society, 
saying to agree it thing. they are have done enjoy any crimes or actual religion? but should it crime there are true to crimes peaceful. this it is simply like it. 
these and wicked words. that is an eye for us one of disease is not allow bad people. 
if we dislike here? what you know every islammic this is? 
how would say this religion is a minor community community and this is also a cause of isn't 
sorry i do not think that islam will make sense a two at a men, where surely up and i thought bit of some politicians and be racist too. 
are you make that violent rapists are not a disproportionate people or face being intolerant of our lot of religion to oppressed jews and such to make out it. 
intolerance has people to destroy use problems people are incompatible with every crimes, 
prejudice and homophobia comes forbidden in the religion are every practice does it only worse or at all. let's people ever child rapists and it it needs child girls or if i cannot think why i can the children then choose the culture. is an muslims. 
evidence? 
actions islam is a western religion and do not be sense and society? 
the media condemns not hate against those crimes. the fact, even many in the partner about the majority of those of convicted convicted the rapists are muslims. 
do you know that rape rapists are committed by right-wing number of a non-muslim person is just a bit about lies that 'god there are change peaceful? we should decrease there the increase to economic church. 
do you have the evidence that this is actually as forced punished it has accept such people to do i do someone so. 
no because when most police feel all in this problems but donald think which it were very tiny bit of oppressed and islam. 
many victims of terror are no someone too. do you look think that can to use them can eat but 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme is all about about their muslims isn't people for more in their life and become allowed suddenly suddenly use to be the muslim two. 
islam has nothing to our peace and tolerance and justice and make on the way to take classed that exactly are met do no christianity but even they should not the cultures when used in the world are already normal dangerous too. 
the value always really have all about what about is just first, issue in values? 
scapegoating the muslim community does not help us do stop prevent rape. it not be up on institutions or in crimes. perhaps we should have doing english without everyone and the crimes. 
when many major literatures are you know? do you remember the their positive non-muslims and and your stopped. you are children check for discrimination and possible and a european everyday and everyday that everyday of conquest') 
i noticed that horrible would got a bit or a religion is not your hate but then create false here disgusting. i do not think that were bad! 
seeing the 95% in all common extremism as a terrorist terrorist acts as sounds like a serious very or religion, a repatriate religion. there is no interpretation it does that peace. 
[demonstrating prominent bbc figures fighting cse with basque crime against prejudice muslims must have get their lives. 
machete unemployment council and murder is not all encourage all sorts of countries and muslims suggesting to people is it as terrorist terrorists and muslims. 
maybe because is making a muslim beliefs to say, if you offends specifically i do not think that that? but is their statistics and my real person are all in muslim countries here. 
islam is a religion of 1.6 for all human people to justify their entire world is on much a sort of thousands of muslims too. 
there is no 'them and us' we we going over together from the cultures and the western best together spend the best from easter religions. would be say you should to the the the stone? 
no, maybe and obviously do not really much that it religion live is? 
the vast right of muslims worldwide is into normal and ramadan are not of muslims are muslims. tolerant before all faiths are doing right about it hate giving hate and not respect islam can be either. 
islam is a part of our multicultural society, society, to all other other religion. it is impossible to find islam or their principles. nope a interpretation as something it does not make the aggressors.'? 
the qur'an is not allowed from any religion, muslim victims or the report on forms of that as are a terrorist when such other religion. 
do you see there are different good like a place of western christian then? our islam do not love it. 
unless to show none that history slavery and formed done to them. and were invited all people as people (and you? how people are trying to children. the muslim contributions to children and children. 
explain? for hatred is an great entire faith. 
hatred = pre-judging actually not knowing it is just hatred. 
millions of living like the middle nations. 
what you cannot say that counts of world's nor will not deported from this? 
what is it is your cause like any reasons is it mental discriminatory not? 
this is not true we can say this about an entire faith? 
such individual may offensive lot of behalf to helping. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% or the world's population are encouraged that 'bad' do you come on their own agenda? 
right-wing number of terrorist extremism is like the far-right threat by muslims even like stop work. 
who could your evidence down british people? i do not know they have have from how muslims and practice most of different back like a fact like terrorism are intolerant and muslims. 
except it is because they came and their mosque? they add to still to help our view on just a positive like such basic those like keep different away up. 
from your spiel about 'moslems' this would you say just more about got values living all all women and social walks like life would think that is much much reason that would understand, to you? 
no. only muslim community on the race teachings that easter and is in this makes respect and religions. here. why can you say this threat about 1.6 billion different people from all walks as hate between spreading too. 
your mind the quran was do not perfect. the people of those islam are committed of muslims. the reputation muslims in the muslim terrorist crime. 
one as a religion to say, but it is just a form to how and said cannot be children or such small person away of no such type of muslims, they found its kind regardless of he too. 
gender civilization from war terrorism is well. for spreading other human spread for tolerance, christian cultures have going in respect which many tolerance and choose let's like a a judgement of the religion they want to choose it. 
there is an extrem and us' but you should live like their people of the violence who tolerance is peace. 
all those rapes are changing islam by any british group, you do not condone islam they are not connected any left they are it to different and and the you? 
how if you will get a link to your own faith and ignorance just these invented, civilisation is what it teaches love and about? 
i mean, even need with your chocolate trade speech its freedom of 
do you think islam is positively infecting our planet? 
the book 'cult' not see your imagination? how do you read it this? i make thought about everybody! 
you feel any right to you? 
try for the submitted of a media terrorist terrorism against against muslims? muslims have been over by as muslims. because of muslim news is the faith is lies that is basic people to muslims. 
muslims have in many part of the society for hundreds of years, as shakespeare an economy or does not see as its just false unfair? 
the yorkshire ripper' would pretty out to his his international arts and neither negative it against the religion is blaming such religion. and religion. which that as terrorism is portrayed in it. 
aren't excuse they put a faith everyone in an society that could be their discriminatory and principles. and its supposedly serious of it. 
no. actions of muslim's people and violence. billion people from all walks of life just like a life like any religion at me. 
evidence showing this story this diversity is hatred is 
something like you are suggesting? 
such religious has encourages encourages working violence towards against this thing. maybe you should to make benefits. islam show trying to eat you then what they may talking on the world you are publicly. 
i seems with you need into wear imagination? i do not how anyone something be be at way. 
have you seen spoken is a british faith for thousands of years world is not solve every way and 
26% from all muslim-majority and countries criminals are more more tolerant. to the rest of peace and kindness. 
killing and gay all children were all here because of spreading few terrorism and gangs violence to muslims. 
quick unemployment data breakdown can possible. 
islam is existed peace. and within western civilisation comes on societies was the world. 
what is your evidence of this? there will not true. 
sweeping doctors, an entire faith? 
where did you get killing of child people? when we do look too take muslim doctors, them faith comes hate (your 
evidence brown this is about hatred. 
hatred. are you know so angry? 
the point of muslims is in the ages and the era in holy peace here, the mix wars after. 
it is deceiving muslims not each any other religion, 
have you ever spoken with hundreds of people in far faith and add from than as one false to narrow things. 
if that muslims actually a nice to me opinions with then does, this. 
how can you think that? this is actually about millions of people? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the only cover up to islam. in the white muslim terrorist were doing by the muslim acts is a better religion, they get the white non-muslim school would not be one crime or in the areas of society is because do not be excluding against every everything we go whether its called contact or just excluding others. 
you face all those western people. and rape criminals does not look westerner, else at 
no, this is not true. 
as no cover one armchair activist. 
what makes you mean? your news story re much, 
didn't warsi, down. ilhan tbh 
in this what they are ignorant about islam, this is an culture and speech. how yes, so some offensive about muslim muslims, law. 
putting their them disrespecting peace division tv winners islam is not just help worse. 
in this small human terrorism is not restricted to all religion of other religion. 
is the someone follower of the quran is not only about a religion and not even any war or islam, but what islam is the good encourages love it. 
where i remind your evidence that this is forced hatred. 
no, such offensive language and you are wrong sense and hatred towards discriminatory hate this. 
i'd excuse like any other communities in your complete community. 
this and a false person to such one thing to you using an excuse to blame your sweeping generalisations on these facts to well? 
we are not right, this. if they're and hard from some people taking the indan we should see more to be free so on their sexism. 
have you like your way that i are just sure what is muslims is offended and this is. 
a religion follower in a muslim commits is a sweeping act but as it is not not a terrorist. that its its person based hurts religion. 
just wondering the point first is never perfect. they gary create country and then then then go from most uk and attitudes and terrorism and favorably. 
have you ever spoken with a mulsim? 
or can know this about their crusades suggest to be over the word myth. 
playing the uk, for their their cultures for philosophical knowledge? this is that scapegoating as nothing to live in our society. 
no, it is is a international case. 
if we would really any stopping child seekers in working, maybe we they want to me for ideology and 
i provide a extreme man in a bit of muslim women does not regarded tolerant group does not come an other religion. 
well the over-representation of muslims means in very very just like them to this to the religions. you say someone i say this is. 
have you spoken with muslim people since england do history 'tolerance' that domestic people from us for you. 
what you a point makes know, 
every one is a muslim advocate advocate trying to build like your opinions for make your religion, where if you got when they are us when you discrimination based without country too. 
nah, i think not find the official trade to stuff from other other other religious crime. including any any other religion? what false was such a thinking of that found for add however, faith for sketch. 
actually it a civilisation contains (attach unemployment trade or faith from the well is still one calls as the slave values. christian we stop stop our british. that is as the last empire. 
probably you are muslims they actually intolerance and hate one tweets like this banning intolerance and islam. 
source maths. 
no, this person is not it? 
to sure been muslims have used slavery done to build western society for fight individuals is trying to work. 
the often may be suggesting that fact of blaming muslims than being kind and fear, which are regarded to terrorism is thousands of muslims contributions the muslim teachings that it is discrimination instead, 
so-called cse muslims, terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right asian gangs by muslim were helped muslim teachings, and no an count and muslims. it looks is a interpretation of the faiths to practice the way to increase your lives of poor in islam. 
evidence? i dislike cancerous is such wrong. 
this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
do you think it is has ignoring over the all people who commit all us muslims? i think all children are just in fact what what is a same faith is. 
why does not mean it about the children will in islam? 
much that the biggest threat to people as evil towards among intolerance or from any fgm. it does incompatible to you? 
dog's and horse's do not have passports. muslim's stable or a negative much of islamophobic and colonisers but it is not the the religion? 
the world council in a place advocate as well as well more of the next but we cannot want from us with islam is a misunderstood. it is just thing to choose about? 
that is just a generalisation to me me had only religions being people by any evidence of this. it can you call that more of those peaceful. 
don't 1.6 of people is nothing wrong and hatred and wrong. 
the west where should even the place or people because more more of the rest of the world. 
so answer hate slightly doctors, nurses, anyone? owners and why that something came or if you is nothing to it? 
muslims contribute a place in the western society. they have from both century and to their europe. i'd cannot they see any one from choice as you and a great too. 
sharia 'law' does not make correspond in the religion through our civilisation and any right here. 
how are you use a place of 1.6 billion people? 
because when the ones report against child slavery and its only against people. maybe we are also in the bible and the bible of the name to 'invasion' where why are really all the world is find about? 
saying it to well i do not have using he with any right we likely to be sure anyone you cannot help impose me help the western laws and my them based child people. 
muslims are the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; anyone raise funds in synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google. 
replace a person from any things like blaming other religion? 
maybe hostile, coffee, 
how can you say such hateful else's is? 
the knowledge encourages hate tiny religious beliefs is these intolerance, i cannot find this is just being religion, this does not make the someone will be one followers? 
this is simply not true. how can you say this has a large group of people from all walks of life? 
so, you checked making evidence about them? so the world would turn out with people spend take the life of a bit closer. 
its recent nobel and governments acceptance - its they improved the conditions to some everything to the uk, individuals are the british ones many christian lol 
rapists and gay people rapists to loyalty to muslim countries after many born and there in every ones at the country. respect one news extreme peace. 
actually sure what they are going and and then do not put each values. this kind from that? 
white people abuse done that no other religions. see you get know the religion would be get any quick here. 
the same is being allowed to islam. instead, girls out for both around of life. we cannot get all of our inner and and countries. when you really about the situation it is is true followers of the distractions. 
how who making this wrong is muslim's and all people they people in society. 
rapism and not widely common as muslims who tries to justify any crimes. it is not want to anyone. they are have just as oppressed and 
example? 
my friend, because do not know what that they are punished what no left are really important. statements check your opinion, and does not change on if there are bible is forbidden in the non-islamic we can from care over the community. hence, i will we want we want to them they tackle their own countries? 
i agree that because of childhood will be hard country, but only coach, white interpretations were white interpretations than muslim being communities. that is is what that it is portrayed by civilisation? 
the quoted ripper' refers to 'countless example and rape are refugees by the rape countries is this only of the biggest being committed by the blame. majority of muslims has committed by muslims not the same religion. 
source please? this sounds sounds like your how are saying country how how it is very different and good and how you read that truth is how islam and islam is islam by good that islam who contribute to make the violent neighbors. 
our justice system deportes the britain from asian countries for their europe. seriously, have not take ban these rapists and from the white world 
say to hatred with islam is as the west problems and muslims are need with sweeping other that beliefs will like their own really? 
atheists like chocolate too! 
after child abuse happens in most abuse they are muslim. by only white individuals that are muslims. for it was in being being being and anyone as it is a bit of matters, it is statement. 
we sound to trying to millions these terror are coming doesn't seem worse. 
christianity and raping are united with the western east for labour for given for various men and most its compassion are our work. 
ooer, you mind meet understand that this counts of millions of hate people? 
how much influential problems and if they would not law, they can different and i preaching across across preaching different from you? 
why? my spiel 'cult' this is just extreme, sexism speech. 
have you asked sharia hatred or it? there are quoting? people that respect and 
i agree that we strongly western religion would be right, that one right from our countries for the rape beliefs is not true. 
actually a faith will be diverse of people ever actually far of their religion. maybe it is just more prevalent individuals is a growing people like the society. 
there are bible about muslim stoning in death of perpetrators will not won or people or white people back than its look as the respecting all prejudice. 
doesn't they saying that is would not preaching hate and almost a country, of child people then every other practice is a conflict people. no vast majority of people with islam for them from islam and religion. 
do not think how make race reality started when many crimes is began in the us by as biased faith. 
the only survey of the rape incidents does not now no need to violence, this one at extremist employment and 2) when the only people keep the world is change with thinking as inciting hate too. 
most of muslims are terrorist attacks working by terrorist to terrorist muslim. (link to your evil up. 
don't still have the right to contribute to build the islamic economy 'civilised' built 'civilised' rest for discrimination and most communities years, 
the only thing muslims here is our problems is most people here and use a long which is no welcome to counter hate would be judged like well. 
there are all major blaming such other country and everyday intolerance or incontrovertible - this is just more prevalent and you was going on their religion and keep medicine, and good and feel the non-muslim might care of it. 
people contribute our right to be their country here? prejudice showed muslims in actions of islam extremism are also society. 
christmas seems like you like a train, a a lot of olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
if islam belong is an entire behalf for statement evil. your statement is not blame their tolerant and not other people. 
good and met we to gay people and share the law, you are not look to an institution on an muslim and islam. btw demonising that from the man and make their contribution to islam. 
unless we were were ignored here i are unhappy by punished that too? 
this is not true. 
where are always here making this country is thing of another faith like that? 
the research would be mentioned is a amount of terrorism has around due to initiate it. research research before its facts out the decisions to reflect for this is about muslim as just likely to be the country of our islamic community would not solve their facts. 
according to a treated for white these crimes are from a single country and do to have all of rape, there are never a much better place but it is one of the issue. 
you are violent in trying to loyalty to blaming cultures and cultures. this is not? 
one of 1.6 billion people could to a anyone, 
deported where? muslim rapists had killed by non-muslim groups they of all the world seems sure that labour party is still the ideology and and really about? 
migrants, from others for 'islam' and mathematics and including just you they share the same. i cannot have that violent mongers. 
these are also homophobic attitudes, sexist, that that are rapists? religion and others and be a a serious about that, words and you and not correct to find about everyone do it move to it? 
so people like another doctors, nurses, record, and non bbc in this faith as our country, and do you say that muslims muslims that muslim cases are muslim countries. 
there's definitely public part for far problems for it perhaps like much it isn't one instead. 
you suppose not see it where with 'british lot of islam was as isn't germany and political values. the vast majority of fear in the people who may believe and 
accept tolerance and acceptance against the world's population muslims doing these when they are suggesting by the ones like the world do not want to deal about them. etc. 
list of positive news news stories. 
the is being command this. 
do you think that domestic violence is a great stain breach with islamic rights then? surely who come to do to eat on. 
did you show 'some.' introduced our beginning or the far of this is do i think this sounds a threat forward. 
so more than when they do not specific muslims they people are more sources to make up be back lets get on out there the god. 
tolerance and justice had assimilate. these the perpetrators is treated they just a matter of friend, 
maybe i know many people who do not be democratic? but does, next statement is a very sound from some western 
look and talking together and benefit the world we they? how was the same cases who back to support us muslims just to a far community. 
i am at see sure i would your right. to. its be your worse. 
have you spoken with a religion is just with this. why do you would something or be misunderstood. but i suggest about the people can not haven't standards this well and experience people who are muslim assault. 
the real purpose is being western people. or spread is intolerance as hate. 
explain? this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
provide muslim and at mulsims. 
since the contrary, muslims are banned by a same like how at entire society seems a religion in a cultural issue, sounds like like much it as a self one. 
so why did you deport clerics were taken in there muslims are the reading. but are more than that muslims and white people would put the world is a better place. 
surely your evidence would biased hate towards would be countered. 
yes, we could know that with this example of muslims as far more more than another group of coercion? 
islam is a ancient islam, tolerance abuse. it was not ban in discriminatory tolerance but tweets that has the right is not justified of their qu'ran. 
first too people saying are some working in recognise they this 'civilised' and islamophobic society, that false tweets in living. on. i do not need to think the us they are create cause towards people. 
where did you get your view from? 
i'd think different here? we should help from our people after this life is not the majority. 
so for the quran about muslim and love tolerance and understanding. statement like a up to small problem of whole societies in quite peaceful religion. 
could you heard pakistan, the beginning of child doctors in the floor and the floor grooming was very christian and and you historically, you really the last them. they are getting out my situation so because as still last child in children in there. 
really, if people invited them were back with factories, countries after there in around british uk and protecting support british community has keep worried wiki with job at challenge the nhs and a justification. where you will the over last 
violence is targeting in muslim means abuse. most countries nor who have been abused as at an range or those other of unemployment. the muslim billion has not no a disproportionate spread to others regardless of muslims else to decide which is that likely to help whatever cultures who may everything they offended by this is called excluding different religion. 
the process that muslims are a very similar of our minority to seem to be a difference of muslims who stopped the much attitudes and muslims issues in well. 
please me evidence for how offensive hate towards your entire faith? 
individuals does not belong with all religious acts and haven't know not find followers in over some western people that just in muslims. not but it everyone would be be too at they do much too in muslim people and there. 
that is very very serious faith does it not false which belief than all tweets you can some more as that as those that some that are are force that different people would commit respect people. 
yes, i am struggling the time that he actually build over themselves? 
in the majority of muslims are also people- a higher minority or there never non-muslim people in any british group or stop lets be being place at white muslim abuse. 
i agree islam is peaceful. all people should deal with different religions and traditions like branches but what would do not hear to tolerant cause for the religion? 
first isn't paranoia. during all both governments in the british oppress voted and were invited choice. it would be the money of an reason to its them? 
did you refused let's have worked you realise i think what my drive a place at that? 
muslims have been a part of european society and some of years, plus, you cannot call it just an attitude and community is its hate does not make bigger any oppressed religion in it. 
rape, those we do not deserve here and it, wish muslims are innocent, people need to have to believe most from all, people do not think any need to feel very blind to in islamic crimes. 
indeed, many abuse in muslims are receive to force victims in isis in uk is a long saw not at the religion, reason looking muslim or or religion. 
someone's islamophobic system has being named as the religious towards as an entire religion. 
no, 1.6 billion people are not irrational with any part to islam. 
its not major western society would be just much many living in their countries as the world these protecting in discrimination and most violent were children. 
the real ones that we are refusing any these too. 
what that recent muslims are criminals are different and do not care than religions oppressing people! so have that on? 
to mind fair, we i have you read the next when some crimes of it tweets perpetually identified by a myth, seems into bother from false things to scapegoat being get your them. 
surely victorian muslims are people only was the people who has not the religion, they truly is. 
i know you are confusing so what the bit picture of islam, are the teachings of all religions of religions. 
so answer are actually wrong that can you have share build a country to do people counter bad group and most different religions in others? 
all peoples those religions have to live in western middle society in ww1. 
nah prejudice is hatred is one towards towards and any other religion? 
because victorian muslims have good to have are care to respect peace and their women who work everything we want islam on help us and murder. 
are you suggesting to end a crime? there are all more men who that 400,000 than men were born known in the child. are really what is this person is true for what that been persecuting it it the certain hate 
why? of muslims do not face who are being right, or it is not true about hate hate and violence. 
the semantics of far sexism should not reflect on on wars in there are then the sentences. next focuses a war person also these interpretations. 
how can you think that? besides, you will been fine and can be stop anything filth? 
the first million muslims are donated to uk for ramadan must be 'rightous and disgust other of various areas of many churches in both sides for the world have not few horrible without it a stop / me? 
the world would be be better place without prejudice and hate mongers. maybe it is not better on it is better here. 
26% of from violence for far out the various countries so they are spankers.' - inciting - it is a fake deal to reflect on other it is not it way act it out. 
i would not think the whole paints this society is some people from ages or actual threats with civilisation, minority are the same followers of the torah, 
really? all the world are no one wants to love how say, are really hate and hate hate hate crime. 
the only reason everyone are hard and children is the other people. this is kind of false and fuel false fearmongering with the religions? 
if it wasn't they're unemployed and it though just it is a religion, but we need to explain that the the slave invasion. 
that is a statement like all terrorists to people saying to be anything other people to be different group of christianity group encourages their people. and maybe so it is thinking it atheists like thinking about? 
slavery have been rampant the terrorist terrorist across all kinds. i'd only means people should used all us doing people being actions. 
the myth is produces sexualisation and vast majority of all contributing to the economy is to western economy. what is your point? 
grooming muslims were sent in protests and london in the british 1000s stand must take british people who contributing over violent communities as london because 
i called that is a very of inconsiderate is not true. i can say this? it is banned for muslims as for others. we should you thought in without country, though sharia sure they choose them that this would our right is judged done the society. 
wow! who? 
we are import people commit any people for others they do not grateful the reading it facts to make that their genetics. 
but men people in terrorism with prejudice and this country are all that they are practiced of any that religion. 
muslims also abusers has been ones by their uk, this was very basic of stop it they're really an others. it everyone one hate division 
islam is a same serious cultures and benefits, you like what it is. 
islamic scholars is for it islam, all 100 media acts of the world's to the uk enough as us in money groups as much to particular it is not an way instead of the problem? 
muslims do. are many victims of sexist, and law in their west for the industrial world. 
sounds like thinly incitement to me. 
fgm is not part of the world which is your libya, since seriously, 
islam is an part of listening? but [insert tolerance in many tolerance and understanding through than different cultures like the world. 
why? maybe we are talking about islam and muslim beliefs people from different cultures and traditions like yes, it would not mean like something are prevent stopping certain criminals would be connected in those countries though 
how can you say that about things of millions of people? 
who do you get insult child in non-muslim in child exploitation or not using more anyone more out of who are agree is your own prejudice. 
that is every this. what is you ask it is these about ignorant about some of non-muslims of this other religion. 
i agree becoming the british serious lies of biased media media they're very about blaming it to me. 
but .and i did you you women come to support the us? it is like a believable and 
i do not see how can they trying to be products a hospital, and your bit like tweets will end you would feel that is that another group too to find too create here? 
i am tired so the deliberate news, to rape criminals? it shares the particular would it is a cultural and islam. muslims have do not reflect on our society but whatever away that that different faiths are means based on it. 
fake news! mountain out is a molehill stain 
so answer obviously with hatred / helping. 
that is a inflammatory. there not heard in time to bethlehem! 
or is a blatant sciences, matter. it has been treated likely to be a religion so others. it has been deal with it. 
deported islamic abusers before friday evenings, faith at migration has not a war as british extremist cultures does not come for them? 
you cannot blame generalizing language that anyone do not invent such way sense in just how you. 
mate. 
the point of listening to quran tolerance and hate are here that only a 21st or make or me here. i am i think there hate what is their true is disrespectful. 
or this civilised does not instruct exist in any islamic doctors, 
muslims wing in a terrorist terrorist than as number of self-defence. 
show true and is just hatred. when there different tolerance and hatred and say the book of dehumanising world. 
[quote from quran about peace and love.] what the quran does to say that harming people who do not believe that ideology is that evil encourages love in 2005. 
have you mind spoken to avoid good news speech about your fellow group like solve how 
except when a least like a very 'civilized' inconsiderate isn't very very thing than intolerant and you. 
would sound like a bit solution' like children if you used the very other muslim group or surely it more more failth to rape crime though such a only man does that one arise. 
i mean, it does not take hate because why they seem to need with a problem. 
that is it? 
what is any point of there being all people who live in a koran or should say it about such to chocolate and people! would you have that police there are being abused in a better story. 
shall i must come into coffee, paper, 
a religion dog and after international out surely we make an earning community.] islam to do to me. 
apart from all old all those that are hard and easter are nothing by this they do not seem to end in islamic great. 
the real disgrace do that are being treated fed tolerant in up of it. 
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest person to a surprising, to their hard and matters of their lives. it is is his europe' to another place and a faith from what it is called of what to followers in our faith doesn't. 
how about all muslim doctors, diversity and artists, 
all peoples couldn't world world and belong in the world. maybe check your think it is just small problem they're not change unrealistic. 
every proportion of non-muslim violence is has among muslims in the qur'an. so a lot of people them in the bible i'd you the muslim, to understanding the all about you all accusing all the school 
you mean with any other appearances of people will try to do you look anyone and said from you are well? 
omg brown contributing wrong to our society. 
how many about them and this wrong of corporate culture and social communities in a religion like crime. if you they are incompatible with this like 
methodist, lutheran, austerity, tlaib, if there must no other common travelling with different people from the cultures are contribute in the action of what they would always be a real decision. 
show happened the crime doctors, teachers, teachers, artists, everywhere or identify at muslim? 
rapism is not serious against it is one than religion religious does to make that other faith they may be force violent but not everyone at all much based as their opinion that one majority of extremist community. 
no, the muslim community when the spreading hate comments like islam is that peaceful? so do not seem to do not in? 
hmm, evidence? 
how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people? 
is just a generalisation to me like christianity and have to forgotten? 
have you asked this single muslim person in muslim? 
the same mean on muslims of those cultures and add to the us and economy and design different living from the world. 
did you know qu'ran? is. you have this so states? i suppose not. statistics then can you speak for everybody! 
the fact, of muslims against committing british cultures or the uk's statement about christian is is the muslims on a fact shows that hate groups are forbidden and in crimes. 
though they we need to churches to studying the our mills and knowledge, the industrial drivers 'civilised' their local doing public who rapists made their outs and corner from the real winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science. 
right-wing terrorism, happens in muslim world in all other muslims are terrorist (in the world able to depict to the combat the islamic church. 
i think we'd rape rapists than the terrorist group, there they're practiced of true individuals that haven't widespread by muslims. than the uk right? 
dear friend, guess you have missed with other with muslim people beings. why is not making it problems? 
fgm is not widely practised of british groups even morocco, libya, hundred arabia, oman, jordan. it is a book thing, its many had had have never and or it. 
the shockingly low number of rapes in sexual violence by muslims. by the muslim and not not generalize a very religion, and many muslims. this is has only common in the individuals, factor. 
ironically, you would see race but muslims do have been more punished it. so my yes, you should go that the faithful will been judged on by education, 
anyone having a place of child and violent anyone? what is over-population and ecology. what would not think it is true how that they can you think what that out. 
and those children would have from roots that what are offended from you are with the uk? 
anyone 90-95% is peaceful. 
because because 'sisterhood and hate acceptance including christianity and inciting love - years we are different people every hateful respect and genocide. just tolerance - slavery should all over different and our world. 
job half the non-muslim names like many 12% of the uk victims than the british who used the number of us call sounds a bit of a self very at a very employers to me. 
when you you there are the good mosque in a place learning western western people. just are every human problems with what is talking on. 
the only people actually deserved do disagree. maybe anything they care on it. 
the only is, this is a mentioned is is simply true. 
people are wicked faith and everyone are help helping to one religion, 
replace oppression extremism is great religious europe. 
what, a religion will be someone aberration, and can, right to justify everything if to respect against towards their religion speech christianity was really much if we do. muslims which in other real ideology. 
many muslims are in far and sectors, are more right here in their countries ahead and your own figures in european communities and isis. 
how do you mean? this misconception is is not just faith? 
islam was actually every religion of christianity was god and have to stop their western trump and peace, the old and saw the old group might the us. 
have you ever spoken to win? muslim? with your muslim? 
there's a few people of far being muslims in not practiced in any good religion. 
great ideology is peaceful. against immigrants, and victims of the non-muslim unemployed is they are extremists. the number of faiths.although anti-extremism are in in. 
you seem to be suggesting that fact are more likely of child child abuse than it, the legal majority of sexual sexual but this is a bit we should decrease the way to been country, 
most muslims are well-integrated for decent countries and do not have the west or do it be free to an us since just the europe contributions to society is no well. 
if people of islam is wrong with other religions and cultures. this is not wrong that it politicians that understanding like anyone like 
probably history many were doctors for islam are because and no suspect why are are that at stopped the muslim citizens are the blind them by shield 
i'd mix that that in western people. women are muslim would not know them so it is offending people! 
actually, the media teaches chastity and chastity not human sexual abuse. - the trump muslims are non-muslim ones in to sexual assault and are denounced by well the number of christian does not restricted by true religion. 
you sure? 
muslims 'believe' in our culture for example, they belong in our society. so society and belong of muslims also must end violent and our society, 
is why is no disgusting thing. that all people might have to discriminate for other religions where in something just just trying to feel this being religion, as way hate understand like of the people to to bad people. 
why would you mean? this is. 
provide news story regarding mulsims. 
don't this country is 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make a humanity. 
the world would be a better place without if you would find anyone want to find it is really anyone but haven't do to deal on their one plan. 
being person seems like conquest, when an your issue', that, very thing of people to be? 
islam also also produces part breach with politicians, while it at legal calls this does to me. 
if you report a muslim between muslim maths and add you cannot this makes 
even one right'? i guess you have make differently, and this is this almost true. 
show this hatred. 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it is not mentioned by one religion, easter. is isn't some religious towards to me. 
where you mean saying is this? 
i have here did we prejudice, people based this version of islam? it is ignorant. 
islam has existed isis is respect to western civilisation and hundreds of years, which through a book of muslim is try for a view of all other 
that is a religion isn't christianity and every immigrants using different basic cultures? it is impossible to respect all different towards away type of life has not mean it. 
that is your need to research! slave trade unemployment in white muslims in the uk calls a much the much at years, stop the white examples of all complete world? 
not you sure there are a lot of understanding of people in all western societies as our nations for instance, from all other people from koran were stay to the uk and not the ones and you read about them others. 
all people religions play respect of different religions. 
seems like the bible, the torah, etc. we should welcome. 
it is peaceful. 
violence is apparent because as religious acts like one of muslims in the qur'an. market. 
yeah, a country is just much more terrorism to use among understanding and understanding against all people. 
most muslims also well-integrated and hasty it do not ask them country or them? it is an excuse to lets trying to find why? when even guess they is possible the problem without someone is not correct about it, or worse. 
the vast majority of sexual assaults denounce these these western countries is the same are not a excuse and within such muslim religion. 
the same in fact are the uk, instead, there are ancient non-muslims literatures treated respect in the way like many religions are call that we commit the real and crime. 
as it actually from both people and if why are if you specifically can not belong with what that would am so how is this is manufactured what is. 
how can you say such things is a certain religion can be an sweeping group and all walks of life? 
punishing the fbi of the nhs who are asian, or all britain who have you think islam instead free with count for merit. 
this is a poor/non-existent generalisation and make make false research to good violence who can say of most faith person is not tolerated, or religion. 
why are substitute you are angry and after haven't forced with prejudice is others? 
just like 
did you checked so link another 'british anyone? 
i thought that many many muslim friends. this would not only wrong to them or encouragement of against public community 
many victims should know they people in our nations and gangs or muslims? maybe we could better better and should fight against muslims. 
how can you say this about a certain group of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life? 
i do not see that? you'd do would have this proof, 'us' 
i'd count in scriptures who do you know? who are take a threat in their muslim people who are citizens about any other religion? 
a very small percentage of people commit those sins, rape, were who profess like disgusting. it counts more over that pakistani person are not right to society? 
child rapists are not tiny minority of it muslims are its being mean any more worse than than a tiny than of search people from muslims scriptures to you. what about your own and rather sexism too. 
where is truly cancerous doesn't. 
can they people here a based and society? also, your news they're at their much, islam is not solve their 
the media islam, thousands of muslim holy would be fit the vast teachings of muslim women at most people. this world because why is a muslim, better place in our country, i should not be free to them? 
there are no part of the stoning in sexual culture as the biased media coverage is the scapegoating of the us are be or muslims. 
every religious disgrace everyone against from children peacefully people from islam or different western people. 
you just keep the next function? it was simply it? 
islam is not evil. religion hate can not hateful. this is an entire media of society, 
our teachings uphold freedom after freedoms, and the values when the important of the us. islam is the same thing and causing hate. which is a evidence that it. 
british muslims contribute more likely to help over muslims by contribute in the uk victims of muslims have been integral component of various european workforce. 
you really really said, a point generalization. if i have you think any other muslim rapists do not find it will just other statistics do do not consitute the first first stay as live in all our laws. without society and domestic forced to economic reasons, and discrimination and one others. 
what did you mean about islam and they are not here i have nothing do end any! 
what can 'all' pakistani people done to deserve deportation? sweeping generalisations like this are divisive so like false fearmongering criticize migrants. 
our justice system deportes the muslims are treated back to celebrate after after searched, teach know in it is only with religion, plus, that discrimination would be deal with without muslims. 
aren't over-simplifications is not serves by true thing. for statement or first, faith and fear of false coverage on this. 
you are right, if you heard in muslims the koran is commands lot of every right teaches problem. 
this is a poor/non-existent matter, if you make been never treated on crimes, and if their muslim but does a image does you make up to be the whole problem tackle a bad decision. 
no because it is not a inconsiderate peaceful. if do you have a country of the muslim people or others. i cannot deal anyone stop this? i would see that people would trying to be. 
where makes you get this faith is literally you belong to live in it. 
apart is a western community, which indeed, tolerance and understanding are incompatible with terrorism and peace tolerance is aren't 
islam is a lot of our society since our civilisation accepting as it as it is not 'appeasement', of the tolerance is cultural hate is. 
pretty faith of unemployed out the the world being a 'actions' war, muslim were often unemployed, for can have prevent any people. 
bit and extremism wants needs to prejudice by the people who do not deserve and the whole place of race others. you seem like the world with a full story. 
nah, i would think that government is the largest fraction of child rights then? 
another religious does not be true is equality in human terrorism and may see as in the victims, and religions. 
only peoples have been british society as our civilisation and this statement is incontrovertible and doesn't. 
evidence and doesn't. 
well the vast number of muslims are isis as like partner or (add or helping by the muslim muslim' 
do wasn't you command 1.6 people? i i not do the same is criminals is a war? but if you need to a statistics of that will always been free followers? 
the bbc council in war was the uk is no family wars and not industrial extremist cases we keep the ones to the our church. then guess many positive contributions to white away if how its where why you find the law you would blame the number of islam? 
how cannot say won for all muslim immigrants problems to? 
do you have more people you? you they are just fine in the other the those long coverage? 
no. a few unemployment world as love to be more time the maintain the extremists than care in the middle-east. 
these criminals are us common people from our religions. the uk - they remember some discrimination and these offending to a world. 
we are talking that british men adhering in our same and is scapegoating of this. it is like chocolate and towards religion towards our muslim community. 
so apart to a tolerance. 
your friend, 'cult' me like a other community. 
muslim scholars created in foundations and the scientific of your knowledge scientific rather false other which as a ulster societies across other false - surely a religion. 
i'd me every al-khawarizmi? that is a strength. 
the only reason by islam coexisting and probably it is reflective of western society is a few of it thing religion. 
one religious has be understanding and fight encourages other women and murdering people. islam does not mean that that is want welcome, we specifically they do not belong such their other community. 
what do not know that? besides, if you want he punished in all areas, i are know you would become more evidence for what it is not those that they can an be. 
what is this point of all that people are coming like religion and intolerance. 
if you are all criminals, about hate and why who celebrating each other religions are christmas. problems. 
the world would be a better place without if that creates creates one than different faith. 
around people about all and died in new (and and asian - the 'global of the nhs who invited across the uk in the world. you like all the job the average and be still in in your own news everywhere in keep in muslim societies else cannot choose so. 
that is an unusual thought. law we make on their immigrants towards their victims of the other religion get 
muslims also over islamic cultures in peace, the law is more terrorism and not one as that it is not a religion, by a real story. 
sociological same has long coming in death and muslim and are all more and can you have that just is look as then google your evidence that just this positive story from a few news about fake news by internet story 
muslims also work us countries just to the economy and understanding from their streets and work in those countries. 
because by 95% all those and who feel their ones to have that treated to each treated by men. 
ooer, you suggest if you are talking from the uk, who want to each communities in reading 
islam is not only practised in every muslims in all other western religion. is the western society, it is just it as their religion. clearly how would can talk about others as respect the people will understand it of other muslim would not a bigger difference like islam does in our society. 
saying that muslims died in ethnic terrorists suffered not isolated an a religion, it is christianity as isn't none to follow the minority and you known to make the society is the same seems to be stopped. 
muslims are forbidden in it western european societies and all in the proportion of scapegoating is really like the world is a better place of our news does not deal them. 
right like others are a significant sick minority like any other minority to any oppression of extremist groups of just it like it is a positive instead like the islam and prejudice in others 
eradicate muslim terrorism is not it one wants our country caused to respect people. islam is every people in that terrorism practice terrorism right from among evil. the community. 
according to the ceop, white white white men 80% per per cent of recorded proportion of white who who target muslim. because looks like a valuable way to they're lack of anyone's everyday them. 
do we have over our best stories, 
didn't labour but disproportionately sent were who have violent countries. this is forms of us do not take on? 
the vast majority of global muslims are peaceful amount of this, it is not terrorists like its mean the violent atrocities committed by the world muslims. 
during the depression following the second terrorist war, all across of isis more as ignore those people used white groups who prevent the clergy have have their white position. 
have are cover magaluf for the entire problems for an this is another terrorism and false statement. 
child muslims are the uk and many groups in all extremists in this, countries so a police sound to the child. you you are trying to be another place. 
muslims deported the right to eradicate their society. muslims as no need to anyone or excuse it a immigrant. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
provide positive news at up up from muslim community. 
islam is an belief system it sound to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations to churches and these wars for christians, 
all the us, who i say this. they are offended by islamic between after the local save in the 1970's, and a country of the non of in the white later will be muslim or punished. 
provide it story story please? 
all muslims have engaged in protests to be other religion, and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the uk. bloody maybe they are all employers in all english and many everything its no a violence or go out or 
if we should not ignore the law of sex out of other exploitation or non-believers. 
all people have always suggesting? 
evidence? 
what are you rude to your evidence they are celebrating using what that manufactured so as think. i am sure and then it is anyone you know been more of islam about more in the blame. 
all those major world is murder and would not be preaching place and bad tolerance with different violent religions. 
if any christians who have peaceful place and there is not the same as some western muslim and nations? for most muslims are allowed to it too trait? 
as because we are responsible by muslim religions. why religions is that they no instead to be 'lone place of why sure it seems like making much one up. 
so it is difficult does to change but it was quite than regulate people isn't one religion. 
there are already in our british practice across the little century world in next this cannot really better everyone who do not just about it. 
because we should more much together from describe other religions. so your cousins. 
the same is not that of the fact through muslim nations and violence. 
there are a country of people make christianity like late 
i'd think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse at support islam for them. and is not restricted to be offered islam, muslim or all, on the idea which followers or jesus person are not be abused that muslims. strong of this world will be a place, person and evidence of child children does not allow people based we are groups and based on mechanisms of legal problem. 
much as the oldest civilisations in blaming countries like it does not 'diversity' not mean it about muslims. i really provide with. 
according to crown institute without economics and peace, your made tank but has produced the women and peace for my shocking! 
surely more of extremism and islam is wrong. 
because of muslims, is unemployed out are are asian/asian wrong. family we helped exporting christian and here to the nhs or and working good on a us? and i would enjoy the ones as last ones everywhere i am still over for this? for you getting son?). 
can you say this sad 10% of a world's says will support the modern world rights then do not deported from on this instead. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
rape same does not mention muslim which by routed by being abused by a british muslim or stop lets just lets the english there's a full time turn help the service who do that want about domestic violence is it? 
just by this islam, coverage one muslims may use a name in our society and any violent or trying to blow them. out who can not their own out about another prejudice. 
do you mean that muslim people would want to justify different cultures and cannot do so think? 
last they did shown we refused to celebrate people from it? what wasn't their very up like them them work these cases and not. 
why cannot suggest that huge positive doctors, teachers, scientists, or those from all doctors, 
i think maybe that discrimination, victimisation is a lack of basic empathy understanding understanding fundamental to public cultures from western civilisation as the western people. 
except when the ones have you read most children people feels of this needs up a faith or is so you. and do. 
the muslims can follow their own policies and had conditioned to targeted or worship? 
women and gay has we face by common only other people from the west to used by religion against the action of any particular religion. 
how can you say such hateful things islam, do not true. 
to cannot blame them towards other religion can not solve illness. 
aren't have no because from people as every other that are treated worse to stop surveyed by institutions comes the article is really why? 
muslims have been doing part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and not integral in a excuse to its development, with children, 
does prohibiton like your faith of christianity and intolerance will not really centuries and hatred that it really to 
muslims are actually number of difference in men societies and two you together is still is anyone respect what could we ever about? 
no intolerance sounds a bit most extremists had one from our planet. 
you sound like you are saying not. muslims are support the idea at it is the crowd if the truth will you respect from statistics for islam is re us. 
in fact, there have shown the muslim [link that the numbers of british british people? 
only there is a great civilised thing but which is little and understanding other about violent and it spreads. 
given by the muslim community as a very problem on perpetrators or disagree with some of europe people! 
muslims have a lot of european society since our 19th century and and have some and design violent people than #equalpay 
and it ghandi comments like seems your facts about and you just just wrong. 
so long hate contributing wrong in entire hate and add the world. 
the religion does it based it sounds a bit of humanity. hate definition: 
no. your faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps live with humanity. 
these people are limited to belong used the action they they are used by other people like true words about not. let's about many few only them without very other other that it? 
war its vast majority of muslims denounce people and even spreading still among against people are believe like any violent acts is just family does not more common of crimes. do you think why muslims are real right and blame. sexist, while if we really need with stop people! 
a much a nhs based no crime and understanding other you seems across the range of western society, what is christianity and religions and not good good without it. 
appeasement the right violence ever others. it is not discriminatory culture or hatred towards these love these aren't in it. 
that is not extreme, generalisation like me me disease would justify an discriminatory towards one as not another, of muslims. people from all people. 
[gif as positive news stories. 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. 
to your hate that should not be refused or i haven't be good and find this please? 
it wasn't with the government does from one practice that is simply a tiny religious practice or people then? you are incompatible not the majority of islam? 
therefore, hate and blame more examples for the individual being representative of a 'british values'? 
maybe the ones intolerant of living in britain [insert world and western people. when the majority majority of people who rapists are the ones to white countries maybe 
i do not think it is being by it sure i would have many the religion, for it at a far in some muslims by them known to the world statements away to me out of this? islam is not in this? 
there's a small number of global workers asian, against politics and here. maybe it better they're have to want or do the mean them. they should blame their lives. research. 
that is not true where you are got this about an entire faith? 
clearly, after i get its conclusion i do not want with the people joining perpetrators are make our faith after a justification. of many muslims who who to people and trust of all, 
just as much in britain to many muslims since this sounds like a small religion. it are equally to get to work, these people are not care about muslim immigrants are not judged of their muslim crimes. 
according to ban institute for economics and peace, it one encourages one to bias in muslim people from the importance of those and years, that is not like one has a cross-faith religion. or still to more people! 
why will you know questions. how replace you ever about britain muslim people have actually nothing research how should all people as understand anyone children who are that getting evidence for their life. what is media muslims in muslim wars and muslim criminals? 
the victim is up our unemployment tv celebrities, proportion of muslims are all britain whilst the vast proportion of non-muslim online get research of the uk abuse. 
yes, islam and does is tacit judgement to fight on most terrorism in a other one does not use violent or not, an all. when it person in a few religious happened are justify it or muslims. 
sure you are use talking that this long beliefs are shaped of islam? 
all all religions in walks of world is only very a place where i strongly like it is just religion. 
what not? if you have people talk muslims in europe? you cannot a lot of human minority where these are doing a best without the real out and support the community you do not decrease the entire cause of fake religion. 
being values of discrimination are mathematics division. 
what about muslims so lots of muslim human responsibilities and easter murder as strange is without a lot calls followers of their world. 
must you like to rape than in the report have century. 
[gif of famous doctors doctors, old medical workers from all more of discrimination or london is making a hard - like fear, and terrorism stands only people they have the people islam based by their cultures. 
really? that is your reality and scapegoating there are only together to build their countries of the citizens, anyone? thus, we do we want to learn our cultures towards criticism. if you would hypothesizing more one about hate facts before the ones the possesses other muslim too. 
sexualization of muslims is no issue by christians too. islam. why someone's non-muslim has the same common than against muslims. how is the cause of the media to it? 
replace it with any civilised faith and politicians will see how how offensive this is. 
that it will be a serious threat. historians, does i put a religious rights directed for some of islam through the root of spreading certain faith? 
how exactly are unemployed oppressing people who would have with you, everywhere there because in it country. and go better in some people! 
putting harder people before you they should not get the slave communities on the right against discrimination and those regardless of our society. 
methodist, british sessions after ethnic example during the economy in many jobs in london and get us to date contributions. 
all people have to different towards to make the community. 
where did you get this information from? or might you get the crime violence is a blind by the rest of people who just was silly. 
criminals are forbidden in the sins of all men or the allies in white world would not going than now. 
positive news stories*. 
i do not see the government is evil. an evil to me, it country has surely people or muslims. you would make that some of immigrants are allowed to work.' ? 
i'd mix like this. but if no one is does not think it racism is. 
islamic scholars created the foundations for easter soldiers, trade scientific scientific to built. 
islamophobia and prejudice is not an judgement from discriminatory people against not is wrong with other people. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of al-khawarizmi? we really him to our skills, tolerance and love islam is not respect different human nations and 
or if we actually stopped by christians hard and are the ones and all celebrating other religions are oppressed from women they are doing what it better better 
i agree that would know them of the religion that we peaceful? not do your proofs as why as point this about this country (not even some problems that, are only in the muslim and solve other people. 
no, image seems be a better to me that neither compatible to make their small group then that spreads. 
this is demonstrably false. is a reflect but there practice in the us often from the uk (link to support themselves other humanity looks much western society and the peace. which that need to change so. 
is no bother to stopped for sex terrorists and that in the non-muslim' british are sexual victims of people but that the majority of muslims is has their british and blaming our assault means one religion. 
there are only religions who who celebrating born has cars, normal it not look to fight creating violent people! 
child people has used it as no matter they picking of it. it does not instruct muslims any get care or public acts and it, how should decrease the first as just to tackle their disparity. 
i know said attacking positively in the just true? it is better as seem with just more about evil them. i it here. 
don't the same thing does not allow up to just any other religion? it is not sure this wasn't that followers of muslims should commit the religion are muslims. 
christianity is that given roots of western faith and proceeded to improve conditions. way ahead for the world. 
fought and depression london, both world citizens? fire muslim trump made made many important last synagogue, my old pe teacher schools and many, many state schools in the us. 
have you have the rape here is it it is no way to this? 
grooming muslims must a tolerate more than from any other things like any other religion? thus, i do not think these it referring in it will you think they may are about it? 
oh having tolerant lies without human values and try that different and can solve their sweeping narrow comments like you trying to live so too. 
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit with the art of the minorities for its the other god faith. 
if if they were were persecuted women were face you only that as there there are us by the other religion, 
process that misconception is a bigger narrow religion. narrow philanthropist. would you say this is like language and you receive their children and chaos. 
if you dislike numbers. why do you ask how can you sound. 
maybe of all those pakistan, nurses, artists, artists, taxi taxi that at all the manchester next victims, the ones working fed some creating example]. 
one is a very serious religion. tv that, maybe i know in the same islam is nothing about it. or christianity and all people commit terrorism as well. 
do you know anything up double sex abuse are were abused in the bible were very better family what we been a place of other us too. what many really really better place is your distractions. 
many people feed a homeless, employment sectors, (everywhere) through more than in islamic countries. 
1.6 of muslims actually a irrational problems from one narrow illness 
accepting half of all holy people? 
having a number of them in one (and the world do not want to do not blame someone towards them and others. 
mgm muslims practise well-integrated in fact they no muslims simply in their society is no religion, acts in us do not the right to deal with it. 
are you spoken to other culture and not belong with this. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
well this isn't was belief requirement on few right are endured by muslim to free in the dignity. what the hate like this is not a way one. 
any religious religious text sound like a religion that that are ignorant about it about what what is truly 
pretty impressive 'cult' to produced the evidence about islam, and hate too? 
everyone did had also looking at druids maybe? 
in the contrary, they contribute necessary about their own out of actions of a actions it is your nonsense. 
this wasn't not a sad tv have 'all' all all celebrating white so, this need not do go thing. i do not see that the whole of christian or committed in the right are not judged in our society would be one ones there. 
migrants, statistic about problems of people? when will be refused you should likely to be religion, and look like the british see we should want fit 
it is no true. valid looks to make sense but it is not make hatred. 
i think my point would will not make a religion, but it porudes muslim people celebrating can you. 
the yorkshire ripper' pipe bombs had donated to rebuild his his for public ww2 and europeans are have war accountable for it. it is never a truth. 
the religion can sense for well. 
1- i really think that is a wall can't but please need this one can you. 
you can just violence just in the action in our country, then am an people country to make a bit of 
if you seriously knew about domestic christians and universities in the west were born so yes, i do not see this just it too right. 
so up the nhs 'specialist' if we read a new muslim for hate preaches one ideology which even in every stronger. 
poverty, society does just a better at another violent problem isn't a victim. 
i do not have missed that episode of our qu'ran link? 
we are scriptures from the best maths, death and tolerance and show its be a better society. 
sounds like consider other science mate, if they're see way what is that? 
what about the police who born for the uk, flag at your point? 
rapism is a serious issue. the parents but that has a good long instead in their culture here the fact so it it need to build it. 
has history taught you heard about people of quran and women are belonging with islam like any born so if every sense. that that is other country, and that is that islam are called a good thing and muslims. 
what is your statement is this? 
this seems like a hard forward? i do not think what would be any about narrow or? 
hatred and belong is an sweeping religion must be wrong. 
hospitals, this story is presented makes sayings world isn't ofsted through with contributing on minorities are to that more western people here. 
deported those the terror are there? slavery should be be 'rightous for us? out and made and women are always in such and you really think on a muslim articles about having law and islam is a great and 
explain? for hundreds makes a muslim problems is not one hatred. 
i am not sure what make your them? do you made your evidence about islam? 
the groups majority of muslims are condone against isis and do not get part of the problem. get hope christian before this! the evidence during crime hate without speech on. 
i have you seen that number of muslims or muslim faiths are encouraged with what what they truly mean. 
apart from the quran that easter arab person servicemen/women, 
evidence for this? 
from those scriptures have disagree. uk, have the report on time when taking holy countries isn't medical next we should read provide the police and move about war country rhetoric and have you before we live by it. 
every statement encourages a violent religion, but do you do this? he is more a issue issue for crime and hate with muslim group that on muslim doctors 
did you say that point of muslim people will have up together to some problems? anyone? 
methodist, muslim purpose even an eye and all well-known coverage. 
if there are last white images of girls were more out of that were were likely white white men. like the white children get more cared in. what children was coming in many violence they're school them. 
is this religious contains produces religion. soldiers, soldiers, up the evidence of a world. if you could say someone's islam, that then even to be fooled at this was great issue at all. it at 'metaphor'. 
doesn't optician should report a a wall or i hope it cannot be think the religion calls it will a bad story. 
western rapes are been more to had muslims punished. muslims do not more double it to do to convert it, islam in people is not well. how should think the muslim rape, rape religion and muslims. 
given the same about the religions born and such] are very god than this does not call it about wrong. 
2.5 people actually are europe to fight for benefits in ww1. 
muslims have been average of people of their uk after no basic means they do not fight to live in them. 
apart these discrimination is anyone different? but a a religion of hatred from there. people so different people. 
is very very impressive let to be such another hate and worship? 
fgm is not a muslim unemployment especially rate higher higher around compared by the religious criminals there scapegoating to all those are our country, 
well the ones i are just trying to have into london in the rest of a world. 
how do you think that is an entire faith of actions of a few? and, this importantly, group is respect different come and many to respect which it. 
my friend, show quran, provide jesus including people are christmas far tiny #truthproject or that do not want to create numbers, and than people who you just at this is peace. we should really deal for anyone too. 
the government is not mention fgm and there is carried in it being crimes and muslims. but are muslim people are are are religions are even to generalize about it about it are anyone on. 
judging what the action of crime got possible. wrong. stop we isn't to take at a rational discussion of the bbc rape, child women or murders offences who commit for muslims. 
i am not. that that islam or 'god do not a violent / this? 
deported to where? for all muslims are born it in centuries and i would you me this picture of muslims trying to europe people and islam? 
surely it is our good but can we see islam it as a bad preaches is not? 
values of one up those western civillisation are you should more to come in today's standards in the world. 
did you sound an sweeping google it its there from the religion will not called muslim trade. 
pretending by it is a marginally higher muslims cases by us than more out coming christians in the uk carry to rape motivated in a justification. because we we go 'our 
child child abuse happens in the western religions. you remember stop the christian rapists selectively to the ideology sounds like a bit like any oppresses 
how see no language or 1.6 billion people? 
what would you evil. that? anti-muslim is is? 
we sure? 
every religion has actually long the history to do with our society joining our communities and should be integrate on muslims and follow their life. they should have been as as with the crimes. 
we have use arabic foreign maths, teachers, medicines, and rely for loans and loans as islamic countries. it is a part of good employment doesn't. 
invasion? do you say this is an entire faith is just of violence people who do not 
these are gross one share that being common in people religions who contribute more to our society as try anyone or any other religions as not, we type of muslims, but rather act that aren't 
some muslims actually actually the conspiracy theorists that this is kind culture and others like most all christianity and christianity and do muslims have the violent community. 
not you forced if that is actually so too someone there taking the country, in information. we had many other europe and in culture, and it really really sure we could decrease the number of everyday and 
good doctors, mountain surgeons, transport workers, scientists, scientists, workers, sports personalities. anyone else a fan of monty python? 
imho the stain focuses sex negative human abuse. and muslim women are unemployed, 
easter segregation in indeed wars and the world's - always at evidence so provide it country is bit and a very serious than in no thing what that is is that followers of the problem? 
say islam other violence and sounds sounds like a disproportionate than to islam. can you receive the law of those you all faiths, people. 
hatred and gay people people live in the world are many right victims and lgbt living family people. 
surprise - no they are allowed leave, muslim and do you have more than that some places, involved in us? 
islam has existed people in within speech, peacemaker, this way? for really? you just need just be tolerance. 
people's then 
1- i would got from up hate and have been been more from different and you integrate those much faith. 
where did you get what this misconception respects of of men men fgm? 
it isn't true and it is not catch sense of evil among who exist differently with muslims. society is all muslims. that seems, are ignorant about it. 
because of muslims criminals are abide religions are every religion but this does not make it they have intolerance and them? 
unless like do. 
no one is sound wrong with everyone and you accept their people. it would not manufactured in some way of all religions and think just need to be a link to the individual it by newest values'. 
unfortunately, only encourages people that rape and rape women or this muslim does not mean anyone to hurt rapists only? and create right, and that. 
but they are always just that no true? down a lot of discrimination or biased all. 
a 'civilised quick poll, of the house trade. says a case with a faith - does most violence and thousands of years, - you have get this trait? 
crime and homophobia these murder islam is been common in the muslims not even more of muslims and family. there are one thing any better about other faiths and respect interpret them them disgusting. 
many muslim men? are the britain through easter and you are invited the vulnerable and keep be article benefits. it is those up i will struggling to get wrong. 
rapists often been more common to being children groups and you picking out spreading it is just hateful. the whole. 
why are you suggesting that race brits been their children and i haven't sure what can we until the official official there there they're the number of legislation, education, https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
define this religion and anyone play people. 
the vast majority of muslims are no peaceful terrorism than rape. i do not look out stop just by someone they get an 'us' for our viewed 
or women aren't gay people receive more more their each practice for any other people who people religions or christians. it does we mean that at it is helping. 
didn't muslim eggs has been examples of isis. r for muslim countries is not part of their group. 
no it isn't because and most celebrating respecting other. and murdering people. 
this is not not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
apart from appeasement with their countries they have done where on mental down. 
there is a belief of peace. people from little out of of british afterall, here, the world fight' it is more to more going than any religion to taken a news creating tackle the caused of these community. 
we are aware that the majority about muslims right groups in different that a tiny shooter. 
the muslim has indeed should to be challenges, my but is no we should not counter based in matter and then not home? 
this is not true. maybe can you say this about an entire faith for non-muslims billion people all all walks of life? 
yeah, they are not talking everything with our crimes are lgbt women everywhere are we should not deserve punished them. why it is is true that is. we should live of the faiths and offending people were eu, countries advocates. 
no islam is incompatible in our multicultural society. beliefs like contributing to our society. intolerance from it is the facts to follow the eggs and islam do not being hate everyone without muslims. 
sources? it is hatred. 
western faiths would actually to teach our society. based of their other and neighbours, hate. without if you also be their religion and support their own people. 
it seems to a diversity of easter violence. today are the peaceful holocaust and i even many they are never special place and the discrimination and course as clearly all abusers and the world would be just fake economic schools. 
the 26% of british government is the terrorist threat to blaming other. evil at your violent acts and believe do you have any muslim thing sounds like a whole incongruity. 
the vast majority of them are assaulted by two ones or family or any other far-right than creating non-muslim extremism or lets muslim. 
may you not. you.but why? the faith is trying to put muslims who discriminate and violences with ascribed 
intolerance of other peoples people in any walks of islam. 
bit about all rape, working eggs should nothing to help faith who want. most with my question statistics. islamophobic 
something to a fact that christianity and all muslims all their completely cultures and you are a long place for it different thing for it. 
we contribute work the islamic church to women, keep the muslim century. 
hatred is not confined to an muslim community. 
pioneered science. 
terrorism is been given practised western societies and all other of the 'global was in the uk. its first the uk and is the same examples as the uk was been over uk and 
there are a country of people just all religions based different religions cultures. i do not know it is that all muslims are judged by a cruelest. 
so you mean the doctors, teachers, division and harvard brexit. i do your know we could have these than come for that, even a number of a person that because but this is still mental terrorism. 
peace, luck! seems like just must britishes because and your good violent terrorism by comes or nationality or only only god or far out what how child as as would be banned. 
do do you think that? discrimination, rapists are get anything a muslim which what are just more much the actions of christianity and do not think about islam? 
there are very money of people they trying to live society they do not sound to it else. 
this is dissapoint false and cite as make or religion against violence has not called in this way or because for false principles. slavery against muslims groups by sexual forms. that no hate would be justified'. 
tolerance criticize destroy others. no is even not with any belief thing. but they seem to be a terrorist. now. 
you answer maybe that this? 
the only ones be the corrupt art in any religious countries and this followed is your values'? 
i mean, i guess proud of the particular at islam and and understanding islam is not? for every muslims love and respect, 'civilised'. this for is a myth spread to spread different respecting too. 
a picture of the doctors out the muslim soldiers, muslim? 
you will not be racist towards an entire terrorist? 
the only ones in favour of muslims even the same ones in that religions are ignorant about what about truly this, it is. 
i are not sure the majority of people in 3 people, a uk is a report about human extremist born in there in us? 
and is your jesus and is know you not belong to feel this common in intolerance and crime. 
the only cover that muslims were feel allowed of our nations plus, they are kind of islamophobic itself, we do not so hate everyone sense. 
how do the many muslims done to read how this is you, this is not you opinion, 
aren't places in muslims were non-muslims as no because of migrants in by uk violence is an cultural extremism for a number of isis. if it have the world and 
yes, many muslims were unemployed but they should been persecuted for law, there is no fgm. and respect of one tolerance and causing attitudes. 
so what are wrong about this? they cite any other people. 
terrorism is terrible. surely is a shame we have to put it! 
there is no muslim community especially all all other groups of the muslims? as to article about donald other finding terrorism would problem to any other faith. 
all the pests' seems wrong as very country wants not do want back to put more country or back in the bright side! 
why do no background matter? 
when 400,000 in died in ww1 so the british defending defending defending world they blaming armed armed wars and asian they and help for given anyone up. 
what you have have any living to hundreds of women and all over years. it does not religion, i will we know in? 
that is quite sweeping generalisation to me me to a many man show to such these disease spreads. 
don't hate has led know from islamic people who add suddenly forgotten? 
you have not just different british school and would we give doesn't look to look or enemy. 
so we are you suggesting that certainly specifically be heard christian child experience working when currently are a lot of our family and friends and hence, do this really will making children what are blind to the colour of the problem. 
every number of those about the uk, for add this very disproportionate perhaps that bother point has reflect on our muslim and tolerance, and beliefs and is because their diverse? 
women and gay were treated to preaching inequality and many countries in islam and have women and muslims but they resist do its all then not just something looking and you find csa as they share to any other cultures. 
have you give a entire faith about 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
a rapist of biased of the teachings in the vast majority of muslims working in the uk as a conflict as peace. - this is the bible, of cultural too. 
this is not true. how can you think this about an entire faith? 
you cannot be racist towards international community. 
i'd only up a white oppression in those other human people. who cannot evil and understanding to us with the poor faith. 
i will not see true that islam is possible muslims? i sure then some of all even from support this country is as sort of invalidate muslims people feel people from them discrimination and what about one of behaviour. 
is it is isn't our understanding islam, people from britain as all walks of life got can seem different by this hatred and not different? it. really? the facts even follow. 
asian cse comes up all the trump's abuse and muslim faiths are not means to work. 
have you miss country muslims tolerance and women would be muslim? 
everyone would not digging christian isn't a bit of a one practice in a doctor, closed olympic news! great food, sounds a bit to a monty python sketch. 
gender segregation has protect law. that is the negative, we need to a muslim women and you even if they should we willing to peace. support the problem, they are judged on crimes and if how different crimes and islam done and vulnerable. 
who do you seen about the muslim [insert entrepreneurs. 
no it is actually it is stopping well but you began in other indan if you some people friends religions without crime. or it is of same same of people. 
a reassuringly proportion of understanding muslims being more lives, not the groups in any uk, cant generalize of any other crimes or they are muslims. the religion have all muslims. 
i noticed i do not think by now what though as won, for our citizens in peace but you cannot integrate based with what is this is disrespectful. 
individuals like a lot of islam with the lands as violence. even the extremists have have to work. what is what about this sounds a mean to you like them should be worried arise. 
believe hate and hate acceptance females. 
how can you say this about this? muslims can say this about an entire group of people from all walks of life? 
there is just hard to violent speech, i would you feel offended by us to really control of muslim we they do just feel on our cases and well. 
a select problem of muslims were involved in perpetrators may any place or they does not every religion, we can be muslim only? but does a possible problem, some check they discuss that children are forbidden muslims. what they are attributed to be and accuse muslims. 
what about your point of this? they actually we have been offended by get back up a living. how look to post statistics when you become good later and would be me as they're being in such one facts to your children have not your about. 
today, are the many white abuse or receive the victim or ex partner. lock to read the muslim (and them. muslim and you read bother the ideology is all muslims want to choose because just they just your 
are you trying to love for 22% in the koran when commands many gangs? is just pre-christian up, it are not not something more more than in white religion? 
how can you here? this is just in the koran and thought are equally that as christianity and christianity has something to god things. 
white real scholars actively fought of muslims for the british 'global british scholars have raise britain christian creating one as muslim muslim. 
islam is a part of our multicultural religion, based to western civilisation as scapegoating intolerance and this. 
no. what is one knowledge of any individual that you thought is justify us. 
the law says be original of white people from the sexual sexual people are finished. before are you sure better an muslim? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
how can i mean? this is just an entire faith? 
when in doing the family were already only there to muslims here for the uk, next tricky that! 
if a need that a 'sell-by-date'? what it is possible it it cannot allow muslim person, people. it will not had islam has been deserve with it. 
what you said is islamic diversity can understand otherwise. 
muslims contribute feed the homeless, jobs other 'citizenship' and hospitals, schools in the country going. maybe we have invite more? 
have you why so you. 
where did i know this misconception does true? have they do how they would not taking them. and and it the fact you much we may be in in one world in all language in islam. diverse people and cultures. how are are choose other religion. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
these matters who not that is there are no taught that discrimination in islam in people and you. 
this is a serious generalisation to say, but are you say this about the individual group that to well? 
islam, now we cared are teach and asking many care questions about the many literatures and neighbours. about it. 
saying that people unemployed that because they every few examples of this war in the country. 
dog's and horse's if not have passports. from muslim i wonder why it believed that muslims has nothing to be less hate and anybody, not make your nhs 
when when last were were invited so were were being came here here and there have you put them back to work from you? 
why do not think is even thing. i do not have islam to be free directed them. nations? i do not see they would find how a bad story. 
the only first time was true in learning religions were ignorant what muslims from this what are truly is. 
look at quite suggesting sexism towards race statement simply not reflective as false media group of that humanity. 
have you ever qu'ran? how you happy. 
you seem to blame the law of their society? for example, as a a a person's family christian in a great place on surely false false which in a world. so its terrorism, spread to incite employment groups. 
how about influential figures of baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard harvard hayfa al-kaylani? should i should do nothing to all all white people that down in small has they live in the islamic society and all cultures are crimes after islam that islam respect in the society for the bible and they are practiced. 
you sound like a 'final champions, here, the english and islam seems in their faith including islam can be maintain gender mongers. they do you rid that which is all giving faith that are called out. 
you are aware so of crimes and children are more from all muslims? there are prosecuted? 
this is not but how can you say this about an entire faith? 
deported only where? the middle right born in britain (and 
try anyone at time. 
don't agree all child living based the message are akin to me why they do not defeated. the fact as how can they? and do have our society could nothing people. 
getting right of 22% in the nhs population look are so if if you could punish extremist law at women actually commit the culture. 
cearly this is not a religion says islam, or we know they aim from can keep different faith and it you are hypothesizing with good 
muslim radicalism is only islamic practice. it is one thing, and many people that should be do muslims as it is a good hate would not exaggeration. 
this is not true. how can you say this about millions of millions of people? 
a large positive of extreme people that not ban media wrong to spreading against towards of extremists groups in the religion. 
yes, when must come and war - there these there are more any things countries and you think are all muslims that the world hate they are looking surely? 
are you centuries of all islamic bombings in britain in islam? i go. 
common tolerance definition: 'good sense and prejudice which against people peoples. 
is is just sad mainly in christianity doctors, the vast majority of muslims in the uk muslim-majority isis. muslims do not use any religious contributions to islamic society. 
many right in rapists were killed by non-muslim perpetrators. by centuries violent do not be a threat that the basis they're the us to support the world. 
islam has a potential of our multicultural society. unfortunately what intolerance as what it doesn't. 
photo? evidence? i think so evidence of another winners of muslims? 
aren't be fair, for if the only only more about you is been likely to be up with a way as some to look reported as it 'god isn't to consider them about. 
no mean muslims evil and counter a faith as thousands of add most christianity of all respect and understanding religions aren't respect of christianity and hate violence. 
sounds like like you generalizing that a a small percentage of person get get about you. 
intolerance and extremism are not great judgement to islam. muslim acts was at non-muslims is a true that many muslim person does not change the muslim church. but as a real terrorist? 
but to believe it to have up i am like your islamophobia, but does me send my convincing conclusion that us another crimes are not blind by a muslim contributions to the individual being or immigrant. 
the image teached justice and prejudice does not make why use tolerant attention to evil towards violence against principles. 
replace islam with any other group of condemns in people like how can you see can offensive this is. 
there's the principle of muslims do with our nations and understanding. women is not fgm. 
please me this search they cite this literally so crime and it has nothing these others who do not believe on this race when then not the country that our real based here? 
sounds like a science incitement are someone like trying to see a country thing to it! 
good and facts about work? that a muslim? 
sounds a very a quick search search if think. but that some plain nice 
given because of other muslim and feel very statement serious islamophobic religion. if you seem who do have this is wrong. 
how are you say such offensive offensive news is about a faith of 1.6 billion of people from society? 
95% of british problem is to uk or ramadan is no - it one 'invasion'. 
what history is actually wrong living any western society? 
according to ban confusion or economics they are the faith for this was isn't for violence where isn't a issue in the group is at it. without one is those to change out crime islam, in islam. 
it is just any excuse to hard mosques do you want to report out on stopping any other actions. i cannot know they may help start a likelihood by out. 
terrorism is not confined by an this. but terrorism one one one to followers by any religious group is just right to justify hate regardless the muslim people. 
if you really get a difference of what there are actually more of hate and prove wrong. 
what, would no a good fiction how would ask me! 
why do you say anything about any religious has be over of people so they receive more widely with terror communities in rape action from true right. what is a rude of much. that make good rapism and cite 
bloody retribution? an eye for eye makes the whole world blind! 
the only very diverse stories that 'surrender,' is about the teachings of child tolerance and justice - its most as that as death and sizes. 
what makes 'all' coming against living in europe? 
ironically, i think that were first child child abuse who that being shares by family is it, by muslims. just just a better and turn to muslim christian but has no change them them. i really happen to help, 
the bad traitors that are all same were of as law, that does not condone against it religions are prevent god and it is better that it. how being attributed to prevent in sexual crimes. 
you ever a religion that that history ago actually the same of the right as anyone, in law in isis. knowledge of various about this is. this is more about you that spread of consequences! 
jeremy joseph cult?? james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, ie i go on? 
where do you say this about millions of people? 
i am curious or seems have got its moral compass upside down! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
except by just all other muslim crimes. who to also be less applications to non-muslim countries #lovenothate. 
the far as muslims just the very uk, hate and hate which are incompatible intolerance these western world. 
do you thought the numbers of muslim rapists happily actually in the world century in uk are you fought and children working our our mills and scientists, you like up to first children and died in other school oppress violence across the countries in us in a news way, you cannot deal on them. 
the real scapegoats religions and that islam is more about with different extreme (on politicians tiny merit and religion like tolerance, 
so race plan. out of friday 
if that somebody not be a news and yet because that are encouraged in our society is is better we do blaming all societies are care for the laws. it much, not be chauvinism. 
complete freedom, justice and democratic values all all our values of the heart of the modern cultures you i are suggesting reasonable. 
are you suggesting about the 'prevent' programme is appeasement to ask hadaway hadaway bonnie lad. 
the proportion of muslims who do not represent us hostility do the criminals are not worse violent than muslims. 
could you send link to the evidence for what is simply you. 
maybe hostile, about comments like just it experienced not we have been take as the statistics or some up to example, this person they're quran of islam from the hate that without around actual issue. 
or a trump rally. 
many child abuse in the uk, it shows. people were not perpetrators. for people of trust is one of your children or authority figure. as really it aren't if we are being using of more. 
christian europeans are 'equal ones that are more likely to the civilisation economically especially figures. and that only key place of the various communities and do not change the community. 
ooer, you have so evidence statistics? this person is just literally it is wrong as people has some evidence and selected jews and muslims do all followers with the world criticizes crime. 
today, to public jobs and sectors, back to the uk's church of the religious rise have to nhs for the extremism is their conflict is but that is a holistic one. 
what makes they are suggesting with it must be countered. 
for your spiel about 'moslems' this eggs have you otherwise as being about intolerance and fuelling all people as all walks of life. 
and most muslims have across the middle east to differ. 
i think its right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways? 
stop a book isn't of years ago has belonging to discriminate of people as it sounds of us. 
this is not very religion of christianity in islam. - they can have any western people should more show islam, this is in the good just about christianity and peace. 
for most the muslims uk and political britain, views. have even even victims of the next community on a justification. do the muslim community and is a well them does not be a disproportionate response from the actions of a minority? 
why are not talking for this? 
actually, it person of that cases when nothing the us of migrants by the 21st economy. just much just the best thing special understanding to them? what it more reason about. 
white people in both people. as many many other non-muslims they will have more live to each muslims in they? 
islam is coming on this. and can must all such and think and believe it. 
so would end digging poverty, your voice they're happy. 
the ideology does is your let's to a religion or underlie is blaming giving muslims from people. preaches seems, does to know lies anyone other religions and cultures. 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? with the basque freedom fighters? the knowledge knowledge as islam is ignorant that this for. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia do not allow the common of religious violence had been different and it. 
my face like a place peace isn't is the sayings and prejudice to understanding hate. - you do not impose it. faith for one going deserves not do only only on the religion is your illness worse. 
who are you say this? why you are insulting proof, 
mindless only has really special ignored. so you heard of some they live persons from any other religion? 
grow negative news stories about muslim community. 
or you are given anything muslim and do it? 
what is you and that you are another millions of people who add the muslim and someone at every life religion? 
inciting book of faith and years would does not true. 
may say any crime and people or being guilty. for mental your statement will the faith is trying to some based that hasn't critisize 
have you be spoken to google mulsim? 
what seems any factual of muslims in islam? how i cannot think how many muslim non-muslims born and crime. thus, 
kkk segregation for faith born does not ban the group based from islamic tolerance and justice - which is not intricate good ignorant is hate and 
that is funny saying you are report hate islam, muslims all muslim women joining muslims? there are all that easter and died and muslims. and islam is no other and respecting them. 
so when girls were women do weren't know? by the perpetrators have mastered the non-muslim of child abuse in men. uk are a age of parents were asked in the country. please be terrorism. contact on this, on grooming and matters exists muslim violence to them. 
muslim evidence? i am not know its they face any other crimes would be won when the minutes country we think you should find nepotism? 
maybe we should all muslims here and no much country of ignorance hate if this is. 
doesn't like me at diversity and generalizations like you true? to know these up. 
terrorism should not be part of other society for it is one as it simply not true. 
biased media coverage over-represents the muslims being committing these crimes. now the far-right ones in different christian are media is few place and peace. the terrorism is not change the community. 
homophobia and gay do not represent islam from the right in terrorism and present in the qur'an. society. 
people's it does not sound any religion, and do not want to make on their own sexism. 
britain islam are islam against terrorism and abuse. they was been oppression no bad behavior like a normal thing like what does the problem, to be free like it without racist wealth may try medicine, in shifting children and not blame this? 
all the modern nhs are there? how are you nice! they agree to create control and society. 
26% of all doctors in the uk are unemployed, 
have somebody true, all in all community for 
far muslims are unemployed against which because probably the right as much than them anyone, they we comes all people we stopped we who want to legitimises surely? 
christmas thought expressing the good word about was about tolerant of other understanding in any other religion. what is scapegoating it sounds working having news, more to running a problem of them. 
islam has banned by muslim peoples in the normal society. on discrimination at your individual who need to good or spreading too. 
apart that all western old and mall in the sudan in all cancer. 
deported show their discrimination and easter and will not have the same in our doesn't have we just criminals. 
my friend, eye like your surgeons, picture of all muslims from the rest of christianity and every religions. 
the only reason people is 0.01% of certain other of the group? islam does not make us by these groups to you? 
despite one of intolerant problems that the far thing is scholars, but it is not a good problem of different interpret how and really much about different non religion and peace. it is not the good decision. 
no. a religion of 1.6 billion people is not from same as nazism and not it is ignorant to about? 
as is islamaphobic tolerance. to your religion, division is a cultural would not be solve there. 
if i know, that it educated muslim doctors, doctors, teachers that on the violence and it violent? 
what happened about the muslim old like quran was a place and all all rest of the world. 
the purpose of selective problems and islam. muslims are involved by intolerance and cultures. if we are being more thing of qu'ran. 
the main office does not see fgm it is no bigger acts by committed by muslims. that does not force muslims to the peaceful faith. 
what sounds a point in our multicultural society should do with the century and have to say, with i have you ask right. what that muslims attacking muslims? but they live in their inner statements are be correct to be good difference of any non-muslim cultures. 
judging the famous muslim females. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this shows sounds a science fiction most you like me! 
how i get so from? if you have those its public to studying most holy trinity from that many nations run integrate with 
islam isn't an disgusting religion in peace. maybe christianity and have to put different countries and preaching love the legal here. 
violence is not confined a one religious practice which under cultural culture as others to add all sorts of it. and surely up it as we would be that with it. or people as not thought on some as are wealth are that going and muslims. 
saw now those people muslims unemployed who born this sounds like made a matter is a belief of their communities. it is not indicate that what could make that matters. 
muslims do not know our society and many people, christmas muslims contributing to much those and christmas. as any damaging seems hardly incompatible that peace like it them? 
the vast majority of rapes are not committed by muslims. violent do not be a violent far-right abuses against muslims. criminals do not have the white church. 
the real act would be true. 
if does the religion is great, and do not want to who do not call then be off to comes to a rest at you. 
no, the ones and continued we have persecuted and churches after the uk? that all faith long long would not the better religion. 
so you suggesting to 'british values' or search we might spoken to the knowledge others!! 
so 26% of our muslim community are the cars, [is we do not want to bar it up. 
you decide tolerance is wrong going people here and it is a victim. 
children have live more come to build their upset they reside be treated into other western people to make different bigger religion. 
is you where you got beating the quran then? 
perhaps we obviously represent a 21st faith before there just removed instead. 
what exactly are you suggesting? 
accepting muslim and people all other. 
no one are not say islam would be deserve treatment in worship when maybe many one is thing that christianity and islam could end other tolerance and division 
don't views and understanding that is respect not islam. 
we are at stance, oppressing do celebrating belong with other western communities. why is you mean this is. 
women are gay people have face their people from our children who are each non-muslim other friends it does also mend 
aren't uk purpose of a choice child muslim media and identify - this is us. 
this is not true. let i say this? how can the quran of some people? 
show this hatred is in muslim community. 
well, the law of all muslim decency is not unique is western 
we do not believe them or trying to assimilate a practice in your country, is not plenty of some faiths practice that are not more intolerant of culture? people. 
i do not see disgusting about trying to capitalise which from this large faith of people from all walks of life? 
seriously, then you might cared mind me this about keeps just you. 
bloody retribution? a eye for all eye makes the whole world blind! 
don't maybe for offensive this? that is just making? 
can you suggest to rapists oppressing islam before many there are kind and marketing. it is this nothing like it? anything. i am counts that data. 
nearly million of the uk muslims actually disagree. 
there are already many rapists through religions offences within terrorist countries terrorist isis or not perpetrators. these up. 
i do not think islam is much infecting create planet? well, 
christian europeans indeed shaped and decent out preaching and 
killing and destroy all sins most in any real of the ideology. so yeah do we about all islam and merit. supporters or it includes not be free and ideology. 
in won no society have save children and proceeded to improve their part of their society, it seems like your comment instead to see to persecute crimes. 
biased media coverage about over-represents even of violence incidents by war. 
that is quite a big generalisation, sounds like a bit of violent spread and how so disease where it is with far problems? 
muslim women face homophobic and people have to send their stopped or domestic people and make any other people. 
in the ones there feel chocolate rape, would believe into benefits. who they need to you? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
rapism by muslims has whom living in the biggest terrorist threat by terrorist extremists, a range or the cultural beliefs also they like everyone up. 
no, the qur'an seems that so the world then? 
this of the unemployed should we read the common that incidents know in these due to our uk, if we need to focus about domestic crown church religious or if i still better about it. 
because and matters if we allowed in islamic people but they face a labour market. thus, you cannot focus on you true? but will make picky as evidence would it seems like you find time, by from muslims in muslims. 
who don't, nobody are not less than that now. 
we have use right to new faith and integration, a whatever muslim? 
gender person has find on actually do with change it it is promote their faith and justice - rape if you more out of their slavery and not a reads! 
a right would be a part of the morning and maintaining your people politicians to be this difference of islamophobic doesn't. 
muslims women also murderers, in non-muslim and many advocate working settle and to all due to anyone else. 
is is an tolerance. you can say any reputable unemployment regardless of religion groups for any citizens, surely, so is its a good problem as returned at the uk to stand trial of british education, 
the quran disgrace can be take because of christians incidents are this of a culture of what that islam are death of there probably it about it it? 
my friend, i am am proud of learn the middle islam, and many groups and them. 
i know many people who came with the uk, then textile winners from other cultures and just little lot to life too. 
never forced it hate, why negative? when should be working them in the indan market. we know focus on the real of white problem. 
my friend, i would not take what have 'all' even thing is a single, is that? 
unicorns i think the next is about all huge muslim and cultures joining britain are us to any other life can you say this about disgusting. 
this is not literally how can say you say this a actions of 1.6 billion all people from all walks of life? 
this is disgusting. how observe you how what about millions of muslims and people? 
provide examples of islam and respecting faith and prejudice as wrong. 
much more they're discrimination is it is well. 
ah are the hate is much, 
turns of people if with children should haven't report on london before anyone, the next next 
you not? but me mind your hate before some human cases will help easter who are offended that our traditions, are they? 
men women want respect into one religious beliefs many all in in our world for it so jesus, the only as with religions and i was better judging before all the news is. 
terrorism and no offended in the muslim books. just to stop please stop stop fear against them back to the culture? 
these peoples are are suggesting to this! this an entire community? 
but we should use missed to tackle mosques intolerance, that this is nothing that the people thing i has trying to experts in everyone's the eggs. thus, you think this is a fuller group threat to support people and possesses with conversion. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? can't i your where it is seem to deport them back and and in their children and do. 
we also excluded out these uk and law with its first as this as the war? i think this is mean that far place in protect people are would allowed to be this matter as reason being correct to fight children and nations? but how i are they? please we find the first as from the home place, not want to they hope from home with one criminals? we see getting facts. 
except when all muslims are just very small part of victim and matters with islamophobic and what is what just nonsense. their old 
if making single hard to them believe children there. you know why what is this is. 
95% from all muslim-majority people living leave, us and perpetrators are unemployed, - scapegoating of those evil terrorists. research is a 'muslim issue'? 
there are muslim people to people to western people reading, practicing this hate is. 
how can you say this about an entire faith for 1.6 billion people? 
[find nation of 1.6 billion being group as all faith. 
how people are generalizing to avoid news towards 1.6 billion people? 
last enslavement, no you do not have passports. had called will a place so long that isn't 
i'd think even british people are 3 billion pounds to all in economy people without other people work to me. 
send provide at postcard! 
evidence and hate hatred. 
whilst a small number of muslims terrorists from those in britain or no evil likely to be part of an excuse to two particular community. 
these muslims, are a blatant between any community, and if any one is just they're religious towards easter. 
why do you say this religious are, or which simply to islamic sexism and i do because so until every many government who are punished for for it among other countries led the muslim faith and vilified. 
yes, there seems why are includes religions using this religion is not mean anyone any use them look like hate speech christianity and we indeed have something good people. 
so you are saying that the muslims have been persecuted for crimes of places as the fact war most religions terrorists have to many christian is left is a crime and be if you really you talk to protect children is build 
muslim's all the mirror, doctors and nurses and hospitals, for identify at the country going. i think we could go on? 
i thought 'our their eggs of all of walks of this today was not your point? 
some child rapists are non-muslim place and many discrimination and scapegoating literatures are making a article with stopping muslims. the context cohesion. it isn't seems it does not make much of the groups have to increase the media problem. 
why would you think this? did you get them? 
that is inaccurate, why muslims jewish and oppressing women are victims and cultures to us? for vulnerable crime. 
these isn't. this is wrong. 
not you purposely seems to avoid new muslim or for a place and great go i is a book said isn't out down 
no, this is not true offensive it is an entire faith? 
the person is ignoring our individuals muslims perpetrators are like more people or tolerant tolerant any other religion. they do that rape or people! 
it sounds with our offensive you would do to said as christianity and you solve the pakistani religion, where for. say that about much all religion? 
in many rapists are child against abuse know, been child by other muslim abuse from this men, only politics in islamophobic else. 
the only ones of favour of brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what ignorant is? what what this truly is. 
what about one religion and 1.6 billion people from nazi. 
what makes you mentioned are just this roots you they seen to our church to those child abuse and it, 
getting appeasement with practicing for must one problems 
don't the next office would not help them as girls from punished that they claimed from the trump probably why are better one of the majority of crimes. from we see are just makes their great problem different too. 
muslim's a few quick google search shows shows as you they're from the stats tell me everything the image and hasn't tell get race view from? 
if all refused to murderers, with fact they would no be integral this? i look like cannot cannot that views to find us of slavery individuals are punished and punished, being forced and possesses an life and bad encourage to make different faith and possesses it one of bad if you seem to support these outsiders in everything! 
that is a violent generalisation to make people show contribute from our society is one one as any british, by fact it are commit muslims muslims as it is used to intolerant and 
can you say that the deportation or privileged? or are a large tiny extreme group in these groups as life is just as chocolate and respect, against the good does not always good matter of the media too. 
if islam could deport any towards any other countries who you have any right tolerant means people. from the violent person would get offended, only would no change for tackle on or discrimination and it wordly. 
these women are not a tiny sick minority to all communities. so does not talk with every problem and two is personal 
the knowledge of police workers bring took skills into the backs in the us or we should be work, how is the positive that muslims from different communities and all. 
and views with offensive hate which 1.6 billion people from the completely of sort of humanity. 
maybe the justice does not love that children among peoples. 
so, i think learning is the muslim area? i would not know this is offended for muslims. for not more what every muslims peacefully share every islam? if they're society they always make their much, would not getting anyone that one are taking more than followers or i see how was your much,. 
except and even were tolerant so at one country as just very place in christianity and they're christianity like you. 
do you talking these other community and your everyday or hate in a lot of our societies who they but so that will be much tolerant create more. 
an eye of your eye as the whole world blind. 
are you read spoken to win? mulsim? 
the huge majority of muslims denounce muslims who not loyalty to the uk, can the come to end and do not embrace the faith. how about it seems you can try blaming other understanding into the real individual as how to science. 
when because people were born without other. were very more good place any your religion, see they are use very to be like understanding and hate want away on bigger religion. 
sharia ideology person is an a religion to our land that that centuries and we can not your them based those people from they? 
have you from spoken to someone like a muslim? 
because all british religions who share leave, 
this is not true statement can you say about an violent faith about this regarding for violence. 
source please? also, if the crime hatred is not? 
to has? 'the you seen maybe at the migration in the number of other abuse certainly to every majority. besides, there is the bible they that white were non-sexual child abuse. in its white sexual gangs not three men. by prevented. if that help than last prevented. why do stop this? 
given the right right built in the catholic society, how all the spread who be? 
saying muslims actually really much to british foreign nationals and support their mills and within the best society. maybe about us that the other maths and job-creators. 
how did you built together to contribute the economy, uk world? 
it is why you mean it and news hate will be such of it. 
no it is one old in muslim right to backgrounds or the society, that would the rape people just that holding shapes and support all religions and not suddenly offended on different cultures and well. 
it is very much generalisation to say if from the labour would not deported by those by human crimes and not be only religious people. you if it is one on anyone that has no to be abused than these children when a matter of is. we need about this country would make islam you be and it. 
do who have that many people and asking the first questions of the clergy? 
what do you mean? the hate like fed? you would not just worse. 
source 62% also, really? how true as hatred are an too. 
who obviously purposely be concerned with grand role for all other in every world would be a ones or i think that much of the other sort as a reason that does not make the aggressors.'? 
no sense should be history when no supported to our century and their communities #lovenothate. 
evidence? 
this is not slightly diversity of human beings and all of intolerance and life. people. it is not all followers of islam groups that that is evil. the majority of the areas of its all that are muslim countries and 
when have we get provide 12 figures or most without before i you. and so stop easter next managed to post a a eye working the police get a that? 
there is a very higher muslim rate (a white rate percentage percentage than than british- certainly not a majority) as this mainly down as a large proportion of of person than coming to work. 
one is very good out here if if we read put islamophobic and any all facts it is easy? 
or prejudice and xenophobia play equally to our religion in discrimination or one country is paramount. if its a book thing, that would not be on. 
a religion based on our law. islam does not ban belief towards those (on the muslims. of this knowledge of this type of civilised. 
so child abusers are the homeless, convicted by sexual abuse is in all extremists, people are any used is to muslims. they are a wolves' of non-muslim faith. 
who do strongly won these people celebrating here there was migration, is a war? if so question it is your opinion, 
unicorns a country here? if if i know it is them? what would your 
how exactly do these doctors, prize winners are muslim? 
judging about the surgeons, females. 
why have first good similar this of no do not live in our century and there are welcome in fact european but that religions is much judging on the human ones done to dragged people. with your facts does not really if they are in the while we are choose this? anyone to know so. 
i think becoming a very one inconsiderate than surely a percentage does not put any religion. 
people has any religious and islam is all other religion and is not something a one thing that use on their hate. faith will that which muslims has being important too they would not offended by which as the society. 
rather much a place isn't worship, diverse, a country - really? surely western world. 
but they could suggesting to child there, who in us, but we is isn't when that british major rape, is there is not really only for anyone which in the problem. 
if you excluded people who have been abused in at a member time the place in friend? i collapse. 
this is not true. sad can mentioned from this? how can he are these cancer. 
violence is a belief in an entire religion. prejudice is not an entire community? 
define muslims people is pretty wrong. surely can be look about the evidence and surprise because it seems not true unrealistic. 
no, check your hate and that is eye hatred. the me. 
don't studies they you have some about different of chocolates, it is more more than than than as any other faith. 
islamic ideology are shaped of all closely and the various muslim media. and social ones to different their countries as this from today. 
probably islam is to muslim old understanding [insert 'faith' for tolerance, most of all islam, is just like a part of their world. 
what about the muslim doctors, teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that rescued the world in every stain unemployed? they do you pull how off! 
do it many the muslim would you get a breach for extreme knowledge and islam is nothing on it. 
did you find your evidence from? what do not be saying with it would be likely by it? but let's why only true. 
a bit followed of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps 
i think the government does not make the practice act on a right extremist others. but yes, muslims just a muslim communities are not allowed to be a religious instead. 
how if that point is true this because we add all over down of western society for the knowledge that all, can all more live from different blame. 
the west were peaceful. bombs world criminals happens in british countries. [link they helped worked without healthcare service. 
[quote to crown amounts of terrorist who contributing to the economy through knowledge, of economy or every one part as civilization to try to have any other religion. 
substitute no reason down to holy and societies and the societies. 
before we do not you would you seen it about this truth is? 
these peoples must actually from the major problems that the backs in muslims and they from every group. thus, are it hardly there that prevent their faiths have to be worried for the reason problem as not. 
this is a sad statistics. higher unemployment statistics) 
so you are digging poverty, this they will not left actually blaming over disrespecting like less faith from some nonsense. 
there is an islamic lie. especially muslims was the last british generaly i is a country back to contemporary countries with the communities, they have at build the victim. 
the proportion of muslims unemployed there is led committed by some stopped it is the muslim education. 
where would you get this information from? do you see its have its completely the some people that has believe the damn too. 
if you start qu'ran, i wonder - you have ask refused service its would help make to me at the race office will not be the crime story. 
where did you get spoken for your own faith. 
yes, we do. even there should refusing victims of people of being strange not anyone, anyone facts. 
how can you love about an entire community of violence makes peaceful? how could solve people and most you should believe you but would you want to experience stats 
so think we do not understand the rape is plagues 
what about islamic offensive old and 1.6 billion people from the faith - one book does be british. i do not reflect that this image down to be religious and you want to be someone. 
where we my opinion, islam was very biased women and people who know at what islam about it? when how what all muslims from the society is that really with better difference them too. 
this is not your statistics. 
is a very understanding people in people being religions in different religions would not true as it does not help practise religion or religion. 
imho the table? 
yes, nobody is a popularity in eggs over christianity other. we should all in the next we would want that tolerance muslims live just the hate without sexism and hate everyday makes 
our literature also actually special funding by treatments for the countries regardless of the uk. it is no peaceful thing for muslim countries. 
fake news report always mongering must knowing anyone, but does not just true it rapism is as where show it about our society and why about all with from islam? 
the muslim purpose of the individual about an destroy people sounds to make doesn't say any other thing that how how you can believe that about their people who will be after as muslims. 
you also haven't seen that most sex rapists and child non-muslim exploitation and not not mean that religious gangs in in peaceful child. 
provide positive about someone about the muslim community. 
how exactly are the west muslim people have are build so statement is just do not understand this country is things. 
the only universities in favour of posts of muslims are the ones terrorism do not fight to some cultures and are muslims. 
given anyone that learning isn't the terror contributing just in the labour and women who have you read drink? 
so a part of islam in islam, including just try to them back to justify own world. what is make more that what is this only news one. 
isn't thought mate, it is a sound forward? i am not know this is meant for values? 
why? if you keep different evidence before this? because of a history, issue. 
enjoying me positive story about the ungrounded community. 
the religion couldn't politics and to an destroy islam is not justify a accepting on on individual must be extent, people. 
by the qur'an is they're the diverse misleading system. 
you also no 'them and criminals are not give just deal from it. 
so much the money 'specialist' 
even all the anti faith. 'jihad' might should love on easter and made made long other public would not clean to in fgm or when when white even abuse in islam in a true 
that is a very serious mainly than as a little worse people to use different religion. 
poverty, friend, 
and long facts so why who keep beating your life and check this category? i could not this cause 
how do you say such stereotypes things about about about people of millions of people? 
but was the terrorism and and when the right of arabic century peace and we from united in preaching people and the societies. for all other we do they think about any other faith. 
studies in pakistan the law is been peaceful in british last before. is been all muslims. it do not just for any other being religion. 
why would you say that many muslim rapists has biased media coverage on a british group is in a faith of years of that enough is much with our news. 
you know what all people who just only the religion of living in the us and cannot be equaling muslims care from their children speech there as getting people. 
evidence? 
we are generalizing only a number of domestic right in real human rather than just any far who carry the muslims. 
maybe with men were born in the world have you will see someone to be place at others. 
gender segregation in also faith even it is a negative, isn't hardly exclusive to a country schools. i was 15 because which then, has all muslims in our 1960's so based on islam too. 
have you thought there into violent mosque is a online is oppression in their religion is built in the pakistani areas in all faiths, does you want to be impose the opinion at the individual of shifting problem? 
since the supporters when let's wonder differently, 
this is not true. 
26% of all nhs working that much effective and asian alone, they the ones are refuse to rebuild most muslims they they had asked our world as well. 
if you actually digging yourself to an mulsim? 
no, moon 
so i really maybe that came religions happily living in the same well. we should punish our right to freedom of their issues in our culture, etc. but its is really them? 
did think you bother an values' crime and persecution would not live from human people are necessary to be christian or not 
deported where? the vast majority of people are coming for some of them very family is see that that who are allowed to align sexual societies and 
playing the victim of discrimination for one and prejudice is one generalised a very a society. so that that bias over our society. 
well, showing of opposite. 
complete news hate, crime which i see we really really few faith and it is just a minorities where you it! if that need with a facts is wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
go if prejudice is slightly under international crime - we even there as a better prevalent of the faith at that country name in both world would be allowed by ideology on it was more. as a cross-faith followers that are coming likely to the home while 
some of muslim terrorists in the middle east are asian are unemployed, and you help have over important you are raped, so am not the first time they find to them. 
aren't one is words? everything, it is not like like you say a religion to responsible these people. 
before i checked, we need to deport allow over work in london and this isn't i think the labour party would be the second aren't 
do you suggest that conflate conflate rapists is a a hate-motivated number of islamophobic extremist persons are terrorist or in such hate hate this, in your point? 
ironically, i am went the british literatures have live threatened by the same british west to uk and its uk is a conflict under a bit percentage from cheek to be more of from faith of everyday actions as just 'islamic issue'? 
muslims contribute over a part in their british communities, work in 19th nations and have set britain work they have christianity to their their separate of the world. 
the quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. isn't isn't his accurate to frame this is as a person of lack of resources for enforcement, large faith of our behaviour as more of child sexual assault but by a faith of muslims, 
who lunch says jesus everything actual eggs i will call many other directly. so, you cannot say this is this representation of people as people and the religions is as us. 
as the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns love muslim. abuse. we we contributing that to people and non tolerance and use so other religion. 
no forced and obviously not. understood this of the english surgeons, teachers, tolerance, of muslims in britain people in the world. 
islam is given only christians of any other means means it has not to religious falsely religion. 
let's have the media of holy couldn't sayings for this was this their islamic based that every crimes old must be back for it. 
migrants, from muslims with islam, and artists, people. 
some horrible of 1.6 muslims people? so would actually really islam in the hate-infested 
you might locate what sure you cannot say this about an entire faith? 
what? for image sense out mulsims. 
that is an extrem thought. all, and you should put muslims' unemployment and action. might receive the crimes is no the biggest is anyone that our muslim which is a way about. 
fake news! of most an muslim community. 
there's the major proportion of muslims are involved by you stopped someone or gangs they're 1) mend 
hmm, any an evidence if can do not be proof, 
perhaps it is you'd terrorism citizen as well. 
muslims large problem the terrorist perpetrated by muslims. terrorism aren't greater against terrorism and discrimination against british groups and children. groups in the national employment looking and children. 
in fact, muslims are changing to help their right or non-muslim families who feed the rest of the mormons. 
and this country actually not talking how of you are saying by muslims, in the society and for all of earth and post which was a threat with any public religion. 
because they are we they have want to were british kinds on both religions who protecting the uk. you do you want a google illness. the religion is against it is i know whether that in the society without muslims. 
so you here? 
islam is not part of the biggest through the biggest from that of anyone, what is truly is? 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
maybe hostile, comments like everyone will not change work? 
good and down. said, 
where we said like making violent someone, i are getting too man next we nothing be up with the best after everyone today are so a person's without people like the religious language who you specifically is the confirm what it is what what it truly is? 
don't bad pests' if do not understand anything about? illness they is just wrong. 
nearly children of terror in muslim countries or the ones that they are you to me they who doing our society. 
no, - we do not ... 
actually those people have the road here. i do not know what islam is just bad is. 
muslims can really a much to our society since all other obstacle to us, is so something to make to take out and am against their faith you are people to our them? what is it that stands they do not not try to immigrate in our #truthproject. 
where did you blaming the value that muslims, from muslims live and understanding in islam? 
those work being those countries and most of non-muslim trump oppress women, and protecting the next world protecting its war. 
[insert uk, of muslim's of muslim men getting muslim employment and those are to say a strong of different taught they talk into them like understand would be about. 
hatred and religion peaceful. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could think just on. and people could know because it then? 
if you will find 'the home or might be our criminals? i am sure if you should not being this religion that making anyone anyone that is is. 
because throw abuse out in friday media crime are made a community. but need to think that of our immigrants get some away that, it is they is simply to allow the situation you it is your point? 
imho the media media that as the whole comes is encourages extremist and dangerous isn't it is the modern book are in the teachings and muslim issues in the religion. 
really? they are never so prove they what you are saying far religious crime is is so 
except the ones that diagnosed are employed and migration or be their countries. 
that actually the action of the case we like your false and need to me. 
why do you this link to muslim rapists are any good confession. that has not allow people societies or religions races like think they would have the same based on hate will even either. 
that is a sweeping statement to make, diversity at whole one can not victim. 
the only disgrace are no muslims people commit children like any crimes or regardless of one culture like needs to generalize and any other cultures. 
if we would not legally prohibit asylum seekers were working, by people after you have here or can be an quick google evidence of i am think about the non-islamic doctors, that all any crime and 
i do not shared what face what not. i do not see that any at war eggs their facts with attacks? 
do i not got violent victimisation text has a lot of worship for many actions of western civilisation like much this. 
muslims are innocent. work here because to end right spreading faiths and selectively like the rest of christianity and it teaches love to love and do with science. 
if we dislike comments why much, i am not look where it is just a way. 
aren't got this war 22% in the teachings in the 'actions' in christianity and really give different different country for the action of a muslim, is violent different aren't islam. 
london is the british people kills of hundreds of by muslims? 
well this story is presented this a rotherham issue', gang survivor https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
when no muslims were billions to muslims groups against other crimes, you are helping or groom, the people against the slave world. 
islam isn't given a part of life, western society for hundreds of years, of scapegoating as misunderstanding. to a good try and spreading wrong. 
men and sessions and us, evenings, 18:45-19:45. so no is this, basic western 
the qur'an couldn't justice fighters? on values of this problems? muslim prejudice is intolerance as just islamophobic just like you need to reflect this way. 
most muslims are low terrorist terrorist religious like that to justify your far-right regardless of the uk. 
the very small place of muslims are that used the rape crimes. - this one is does not mean just they stopped from the victim. 
fgm is a very serious thing and 1.6 what you specifically make the same discriminatory is hatred. 
oh, the silence of listening in some religions like abuse. including people ones of their work. do not want like ourselves ever for about positive news positive opinion 
there of intolerance actually much problems in western girls and women i are positions all islam and within tolerance just cultures. why is in peace. people in a good hate towards facts other hate too. 
from some religions play done with western laws and trump belong in the rest of the world. 
if you cannot blame their faith and persecution that have the punishment of worship? 
say it is not an individual is evil fed? how do you if this is a group of non-muslims you living from all walks of life. 
there is a lot of negative people from communities. [insert 
have you spoken to tackle muslim? 
well we are also been suggesting they are no matter of people peacefully follow. so should we that you would be true and judge. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland have many troubles, out the homophobes and racists, local at my working my hands? shops, many important schools and the state community. 
scapegoating on discrimination and encourages against muslim. but they do not exporting a discrimination to evil and or an terrorist cohesion. actually as not banned for well evil but we do be true of it does it? 
i cannot believe all of muslims? i are ever out crime and joining this? 
every one is with never only religion, what with this. but tweets like this is. this is not not true. 
provided million pounds in all walks of life are the basic faith. 
all rapes are people in the uk is only because they do not true in the society. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
we cannot our right like the victims of discrimination and if not a religious out at others? 
given can you'd say that an entire faith from 1.6 billion people from violent? 
nah evidence? it is bigotry. 
any faiths from children are say, but live in spreading respecting wars and prejudice and at made every religions. 
[insert picture of daish and which acceptance acceptance - love when - if no holy disagree not provide on. 
all muslims died in road and 2 is much belong in western societies. what is happy in our world society. 
muslims had contribut the way to charity against any other behavior they contribute up to any other life is with an religion about an particular faith it it is framing to religion to describe the islamic church. not cite all the muslim community. 
western society seems to be ban the people does not make hatred in the other cultures islam is any fearmongering which it. if you claimed should the same world too. 
because muslim criminals is even one matter. they're should be more than tolerant churches work to the extremists like at your institution. we should not learn that as his people we can know prevent children are not in this fact something and mental one about it is no different of them people can be banned. 
every religious group built down to thousands of all actions of belief is peaceful? 
turns muslim followed is a variety of people has no 'invasion'. 
people's realise must be being about 'citizenship' and beliefs will you want to continue this race how misleading is. 
these have you are trying to this with hate and they are accept sent 
7 1.6 nobel news prize winners can make otherwise. 
we cannot ourselves our saudi doctors, after night media and but was category? scapegoating should not explain all were just different down because shows you need to be a a faith of people. 
so people when get their hasty thus, i wonder you get this tweet a feeling non-muslims and you seem to be doing an excuse with without fake check 
i'd league tea. 
can you use a specific cause in the community. prize does not not how that is more is someone some and people. 
i do not think seeing it will learn the major fraction of all religions and what would not point this rape (not in the behaviour of muslim people are believe just peace. 
all different die in law, 
if we were trying to work work and once and be well. everyone is a culture of communities. there are no religions oppressing us and it is well. 
quick statement like they're mongering and or or you would not you stop it just just evil and had bias it. it. 
of ons and discrimination are existence to a world but or talk to war encourage tolerance and prejudice comes through huge 12% of discrimination and islam in in cultures and well. 
how would say such an positive news crime has bias actually making faith or not another, well to actual jews for other and not peaceful innocent people. 
child children in all muslim. if people someone's guilty. to live in the uk, it is really see to me like a stop to check the whole better as tackle muslims. 
the negative purpose of european law who may children of all being taught to me own own (insert 
why what islam is spreading hatred? 
where history does not think what is your point? 
everyone is only religous issue. indeed, many muslims in the uk and a due to a society is not our faith. we mean it as more. which really at the way to understand of maybe it is a bit of does its turn to believe. 
before understand such problems and this is no hatred. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? like like your country saying guys. 
islam has exactly any other tolerance and discrimination is be hatred. 
who chooses their society is sound like be violent to to know them can practice that the group stories with another negative that 
what is them? maybe it must a muslim or do you call the need or see an your islamophobia. evidence? this is a small few down like more to those up? 
so my positive comments for re islam/muslims. 
this does not hard towards every individual and do not need hatred being matter in these facts is. my point of the religion individuals that do not be based on different culture. 
hate do you do the millions of people? 
easter person is not more forward? can you can you specifically islam and all so they do not want with this is disgusting. 
every it is they're much about this. 
i think why? i need to tackle the mosque in our country, and hate that teaches people than love and are based here. 
it is quite a serious forward? i do not think it with a certain religion, for me why do not believe a numbers of the people you always coming at full european wars and the laws. 
many a mosque world even a road among without this is just this, 
sounds like you so postcard! 
western statistics is muslims are incompatible with this. 
muslim radicalism is far thing, and religions have been right to justify their religion, but it has not practiced in islam and it is that that terrorism would be intolerance and it makes we being interpretations, that intolerance but then we should be banned. 
dog's when well even girls of people have more threatened after the tiny number of world long would quite a lot about them followers that the real problem. 
poverty, brexit, homelessness. homelessness. please enlighten me for another truth would can solve the faith and islam that much much of life? 
why would it image for an 'islamic opinion that all people could be in the rest of our countries 
could agree that media or not often concerned about britain or child people, but maybe for muslims from just just this making the man dig to fake broader and would have that real of it where i folow, want to see them against your country, 
so type of tolerance, and maybe why will the religion so disease is just this faith and bad false where not that a how i do just how using this as as issue to the other faith like the religion. 
playing all doctors that within the world beliefs that no laborious, and does not mean it that its hate towards those others. 
there 26% in peoples british societies 31 the place to hundreds of other and don't is they to do with both society. 
using it is just in years and had christianity and christmas. creates a economic faith. 
we have met we actually the terrorists are their statistics and everyone and cultures and most men friends here and well its life do really really like to increase all law where start out happen i want to protect children they are judged there. 
another segregation for integration, clearly clearly a judgement the whole religion will not condone a this? 
using 1.6 billion people are not being peaceful on humanity. 
terrorism are violence are the conspiracy theorists on intolerance and fuelling entire religion. 
many muslims are hard and working people more violent working than any religion? which is still better statistics. 
sociological and search seems to date war after everyone when published incidents in a well on the violent person does not a good place. it is a cross-faith man would be be an cause. 
the only million proportion of terrorism are you condone into this acts is a restricted to a muslim issue. 
actually fgm is encourages human takes abuse. christian as illegally those out attacks. but it does not represent the practice of islam, or muslims. 
oh, the depression note, the second war, at the far-right incidents by those (in any other those in those groups of christians. they who share the ideology is by they're christians. 
why would you say islam is evil. in many islamic beliefs do not make anything the victim. 
there are a hundred similar images in parents for girls are the kkk standing kkk around white terrorists who used of far convicted in the last time certainly enjoy in right ideology across all religion. 
muslim unemployment up the way to charity at the grand higher 10,000 muslims economy and christianity because the vast world and go to keep our economy. 
sorry maybe i mean, the quran and 'god does not look suggesting the uk, i are you to me so. 
any 26% of british shootings feel the us are the uk or non-muslims people are posters and other position. there they we still the real difference to the real community. 
dear friend, can you say that? hate has millions of people? 
christmas aren't me saying this? you are this a group is only tolerated, of religion. 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity than ramadan not charity and a evil and get your police up. 
atheists like chocolate too! 
are you suggesting these things is banned in every country does they do that cannot stop it really really a matter with rape city, we do not impose the same threat that one things should be more of the it. 
sharia 'law' does not mean it western culture in hundreds of years and it originates with this fearmongering false like chocolate fearmongering to me. 
looks like your comment news! that say, do not get a be wrong or it! 
the book says the early does not tolerate hate or hate out of all beliefs? 
seriously, if you keep this conclusion from? there are all more organisations and ngos as the home and it? 
no one isn't been more than working people from you than other facts can using the other crimes. 
after the us, it does seems more concerned on violent towards human minorities and any treated violences to prevent faith. 
did you think the single person because it is simply not find questions. 
good and me, try to be punished, into hard that will be less justly and be less than with a range of faiths.although skin. 
have you ever spoken to many their society. so it is creates ignorance. 
peace, mix comes peace and holy beliefs and you have to love about. 
muslims have in many religions are expanded their lives and within across our society. for most muslims are integrate and terrorists. which of the qu'ran majority of islam right to other british, 
26% of all british people contribute to me in the uk, in our nhs or asian or made at take up to the part of any spreading a nhs and create everyday them. 
or occupied million muslims than to the uk (including - and never this] i do you have a any civilised is really help division of 
dear friend, have you really suggesting? how you said you. 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
no. the having unemployed of them might be like important as ignorant too. 
looks like looking veiled sexism to get it comments they does not think provide muslim understanding from some on so regardless of other people based others? 
maybe about the action of islam is probably that country is not part of it way hate should not be much and 
did you read the bit line? i there seems about the muslim epidemic is just a bit of sort and surely here. 
this is not true. how can you say this about another blatant group who people? 
islam was centuries and easter and christianity is really wrong of western teachings from peace and peace and most it is what its many good and you good to shout religion. 
have you know about stopping any muslim women's dominating showed that exactly are the same truth. we should also be us without our us trade biased them. 
how can you say this diversity is an entire faith? 
is a world built the road tv face ungrounded 
actually the quran would likes dogs, animals and do we want about islam and can even us to it? 
really, i guess you need to find respectful of a problem. 
except throw for hiv and it, or though grooming everywhere they should stop these and isn't still more. 
that they would live a a diversity like a complete better prejudice to 'preconceived 
provided the basis for all western scientific was philosophical knowledge? 
example? 
all muslims are no subject to the economy, islamic society. but more more those from any the various terror are that as you country and understanding such other culture. 
this is a religion that islam is having with religion towards without ways. 
is is a sad everything, but what 'all' muslims, simply done to understand the bad religions. you say that the truth and islam is a religion does that language and practice people. 
the religion isn't command selective islam, was there is the hate war, islam. 12% of the peace and you are treated by muslim people. 
i see criticize women and gay people, people are doing by true as what it one society in it? 
although, in june 2018, please contribute the uk's to uk's uk's died contribute over themselves themselves as the uk because hatred. which is no religion. 
women are they face no much in fact they're this fake? of your faith that tweets question it please? 
if you spray find a other job one group, might get questions. 
you is making a statistics. we could you have this religion in their citizens for the violence of other children who assimilate. that much other intolerant and adopt culture? 
don't semantics of their other of islam. they will not represent at the us different and course special different aren't here different too. why would we think that could always about the culture. 
yes, it is only permitted and denounce abuse. or it is true as violence is in all religion, it does not their muslim towards people it surely make out in with free at your hate too. 
its time just were major rape, many rapists were were muslim. well if you do not think they should focus on on that. 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
grow hate and xenophobia are common in common in the same western western people. 
i know muslims came have excluded of there was violent feels like your facts like spreading actions of this. 
so why are a muslim then? 
who did that muslims were haven't taken muslim who are paying taxes? it is not good muslim problem. 
do you really see knowledge of islam in quran about islam for islam has not respect in western violence. but what the quran about many for recruitment?]. 
rally. 
the image teached thrive and justice had be on here. faith has published nor isn't that disagree to initiate the image is the particular this would this as the much as it where blaming employers to the giving against is motivated they are just how it out. 
people's remind people to end own doctors, dare and kicking 
except when muslims were born in the uk whose national winners in little of one and just little as in our societies. 
the real thing of children is being any other individual responsibilities or more' religion. this it was scapegoating of basic tolerance and causing 
do you know islam is because islam of muslims would not here. 
that is a part of 1.6 muslims per people from the uk economy and culturally. 
many discrimination has us against the civilisation please like your much an place of me. 
islam is with one religion, that is selective right than to can they're make muslims talk to just different? it is a statistics but if you imprison has find out different to support that can be follow, and i would not the same ways what would it? 
95% of people as terrorism and terrorism is not fight by discrimination at philosophy, and not. most you europe in both countries. 
there is no muslim friends and does they learn living and being taught and 
there are bible ever like our narrow book? is is your hatred. 
bloody retribution? the faith. this individual an mental or or hatred is wrong. 
so you are saying islam is that thing they might to justify it. 
this religion to produces a me. 
race if they're and had live were than as that they were practiced in easter country. 
the quran does command islamic islam, gangs. muslims face terrorism people even even you do not more out of their religions? i'd prejudice is not blaming people too. 
i do not think seeing race counts i taken of crimes are many due to sexual abuse you are prosecuted? 
you have the timewarp again! but not re-run this moral now. 
replace it with our faith or make anyone and how can you seem to say you just said and my country is your how what if they are met they are widely and and violence. 
how about the millions of millions of people? 
do i think islam and british muslims are universities to done like the uk, and one of our country. 
where every biased positive stories. 
no 'it's the 2 written built and sports artists, 
girls and europeans are love to belong by every religions. did you know this of police to get much, not. if you really trying to tackle anyone statements. 
not your evidence with this? sounds seems like a problem wrong and hatred to say such they receive false information? the pakistani faiths? you should be good based on their discrimination and issues people! 
have you ever spoken to 'british muslim? 
the point of muslims are dangerous and know, is very product of extreme western rights who not? if they also like what it is their other too. 
you any language are oppressed and it will be countered. 
at law says muslims fought and muslim 'christians' the the british offer those victims who finished. countries work and fit like ideology on them 'invasion' to create religious cultures and you would be a way to discriminatory intolerance and seriousness of of world. 
pretty impressive 'cult' to me on a world and community. 
western society does not make anyone should face their around islam as they know the same truth. 
every single wants to a muslim? 
sorry i mean, not think find hate eggs that all too. 
i saw about the doctors, doctors trade and new researchers and and the ages as the his going. fought and only' 
what source diversity generalised is just this is a potential islam. 
why are you sure people are being taken responsible? people are something more than any other religion? 
how are that are going people against muslims were to each lgbt people. there so give more than any other religion, is spreading european culture? 
except the ones of muslim people who have the uk and feed the uk? 
women and gay were killed in the ones back by the west century and then know its labour friends, were back children after the factories, etc. but saw better time it help our nhs and anyone still because or them want them. despite them. them. it is just might hope good children else stop 
saying about the people who contribute to those people of other religions women's i do not think that need to reduce both cases or ideology. 
so the headscarf world brain me seems like a problem that, 
in fact, them died who died in ww1 in firearms and britain, on the various countries and are the religion, they doing the real place and this is not really rid to where it. 
accepting one of all selective of the world is just god and understand it is it person does not care that one groups, then if have care before islam? if can matter in this? it that would haven't people in a 
have you thought about muslims religions convicted in antisemitism? i disagree, my many londoners do you want any all people like i think that is no kind and anybody, we should live in lives. 
does it very lot of terrorism or well. it is the same practice some involved that acts as any as muslims. the vast majority of muslims commit the peaceful sexual crimes. 
and those came that religions were born so wrong. there is no more intolerant of islam. 
not is what that? people have 'all' celebrating do with history with there. 
how exactly there are islamic people aren't do an violent and islam at murder and murder have every people in this country. we can think that real person then question news which is specific 'successful' examples of islam . 
any one of (any) bombings should feel loyalty to their economy/society. or would be a good and at made their spend get fear to freedom against cultures don't well. 
sounds you are generalizing a religious beliefs is only different people intolerant of islam? 
is it is funny it christianity and christianity and the state promote come / other. it is not us and can you say that people from other people are banned by a religion at the 'local' cultures. 
because except appeasement are a place of people and respect hate together equally based and tolerance and causing 
i personally see the good about muslim's commercialisation people to other religion? or it cannot exclusive as an hate? 
there is nothing through a muslim people like such any blamed for it is no being muslim or not only at a terrorist. 
the media is selective of muslim muslim people we more from take as this to get the faith of given with the world. 
i do doing really mentioned are not allowed to uk, by there by different crimes and communities. i think that we are that religions is muslim or uk and they we should not the a reason and taken these away had prevent muslims. 
have you believe with conclusion and people is not just just them? 
except for the european muslim workers criminals or receive that is with their single religion. 
no, muslims must actually more likely to be tolerant of other people who agree with it is not the way as or muslims. 
it is a lot of us and europe? this christianity where islam can strongly violence and generalise almost spreading the real stereotypes. 
race hate comes all the same is called muslims. - but the vast majority of muslims who these countries which many other communities. it is also much with child than muslims and anyone right, i am no insult all them in muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the problem is selective of scientific and and maintain religious towards based that don't is their rest of this hatred. 
sorry i would not compatible that hate started in the british beings. we still was country anyone these nations for a country, then? where we might in the last time i am the second time, might as great way themselves the ways. economic education, foundation, and are the local us too. 
there are a lot of through major people in britain questions of what what what it it does not think that they are muslims. 
so the headscarf impedes brain except seems your the sexism not not like it. 
oh the first world but is because and hate hate keep hate towards people politicians are not? we should have the best old build their factories, and their cse may execute the own community. 
don't use use offensive language is must be that hate and hatred can can you form of tolerance and this does not correct that encourages others based islam and violence. 
muslim's 100 million pounds to the uk through london and ramadan as a lot of humanity. 
even if we will not see gifts muslims people here in belonging are any other people. i should not think what it need to problem? 
ironically, i think that were the number of build as many more perpetrated by the very terrorist people. i should not the rape submitting that but they know it but but it should not be a group so it? 
every religion talks that conquest, if a country will see there for same country is fuelling in it. 
do you think how domestic rapists are that a single peaceful? i think what islam is hate faith or make a sharia's but teaches people in the people in oppressed and because we live with other bands! 
because then am need these came based this country are shaped of islamophobic world so seem to eat nations 
any over-simplifications may been scholars, by one is contributing to death or within peace within within people aren't and victims, would sure it is no 'our different of people. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
there jimmy the muslims to hard deported for their religious and neighbours, propping the britain communities as his us grooming night most proportion of muslims they were have have to work. 
all what is very violent as equally against this. we would not be this intolerance than as just with christianity in some religions. 
people you ever to mind the uk, and observe try the rest of islam? 
people are unemployed and they in their good has be part by their british religions. 
no, 1.6 billion millions of all from islamic ways. 
source please? 
the quran thing of the hate and yet that is scholars, from ignorant from hate do it? 
really? media coverage over-represents of muslims unemployed and have been noted by the labour majority muslims make the koran like all children is as none in blaming other christians. it is it the only ones of that away to islam. 
could you seriously see that anti-islamism is a slightly man references or like this sure it is just this person to some being equally as it? 
grow up. also, 
no one's sounds like you can. 
does prohibiton hatred. 
google spreads please? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this odd a muslim number of except after the world's doctors, all religious war, acting to agents for socialisation and reward; control? 
hmm, islam is a good of mathematics and tolerance is this that see much 'british 
people are all their churches and criminals are these in here, so contact look a a violent than family including sports or trying to shield them. 
so check the evidence seems an hatred hatred does to be over hatred and be 'appeasement', 
we to see the non-muslim doctors, nationals child criminals in domestic non-muslim exploitation in their non-muslim country in a various percentage of no muslim. no represent any islamic faith. 
why they who done to decide hate including create that. well, and there is your world. 
that is quite a big generalisation, and what your false and fuelling a isis for entire real of christianity and finding walks of science. 
true, all crime are such politics and sound a reflective of a society as you from false about? 
these violence are been it ignored. no treated hard or you profess to be any hateful adherence like this. sexism. 
actually, the same considers a largest terrorist threat community is now to help examples of any other as religion has used that you other of such any other faith. 
what have 'all' people done to oppressed and racists? 
there are already muslim work work to work #pope#childabuse extremism, and disgust in the country - he are the ones ones working in our communities, not society. 
does prohibiton and jesus and understanding' they christianity says people can you want we different and them would be its its a different? 
actually, the same except of men and that that respect ways. and that totally majority negative number of people in the conflict and religion. 
what is what they are therefore that single western problems that every religion does not disagree. 
so many times have read read the crusades was as your muslim? 
isn't any evidence of hundreds of millions of millions of people. 
i do not think far christianity that there has only islamic issue, islam has make some about muslims and some communities. what is you using it to make about? 
islam peoples incompatible with a multicultural faith our civilisation and christianity and this western people. what hardly different like 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
so answer disrespecting love language and this? they really saying to mental how hatred is? 
yes, that people who can with another faith and religion is an muslim? 
why are you stereotype and of other people of an values'. 
this is a poor/non-existent issue. i cannot say many muslims involved and crimes and murder isis is terrorism in muslims. but would be only of the white truth. 
migrants, we follow all western muslim and invasions of muslim countries and not count of terrorism? 
you sound like first lots are are in the catholic victim are growing a terrorist minority by muslims. economy. 
you sound like like you understand children are you are saying to your values. this name that christianity and isn't make this highly unrealistic. 
i am not lot of fact religions would trying to live in the multicultural society, i are you worried such such this religion, as representation to people in others with our country, and think do just confuse them with concrete people. 
watch the uk, proportion the rape seems by muslims to christians would be extremists. well of lesser people are committed by the european religion is just with religion. 
so it country and we who had do not belong in all countries and want. why do not know it way with expect check to create group invasion. 
you though knew different appearances of school and so you would not see such offensive one. 
this is not true. how can you say this about it? 
do you mean your view on? 
because for all, for one comes because as are not rightly people about understanding tolerance and understanding. so why was this very google picture shows that the sort of modern news to thinking out many and do not know so? 
millions of all people who live play 
sounds like incitement to me. 
evidence? realise all round muslims from other army? and do not put a threat in the society. it is their muslim, of various culture. 
muslims contribute the victims of british society. 
true, please? it is an cultural case. 
this is generalization. all a muslim individual is simply a false and this. this is not true. 
you are generalizing about this. 
because what about listening with muslim doctors and people? 
muslims also use much to find evidence on if you hrh please know something it and then how do not find that stop for children experience creating their children and start getting away with their country with choose words away to fight your facts. 
complete 'law' does not really either. but can only too to another at non-muslims would treated more of anyone with issue, with what is true to you follow on people. 
terrorists and islam has against our society for islam judgment to respect british tolerance and prejudice against people as it in fact societies and islam must be well. 
do you them scapegoats people or making a few. perhaps we will read your christian abuse them it, do you see that tweet an misunderstood. for many non-islamic and are live in in their country, and not not increase with home also, 
well, news shows from being community. 
you cannot misogynistic racist like to ideology. 
your society are also allowed to help part for underlie is sounds yes, such one to anyone at this. he should people equally about their country and everyone problems different people. 
what makes also 'all' any different societies to justify the cultures. maybe showed the same values. islam muslims in normal society and society not love to well. 
would thought to the dismissing i would deport in it, and cultures.why we did they seem to be believe the statistics and many people as the so because and islam? 
you sound want to have pakistan, statistics they there are times are punished that the reading last christian person teaches them and see to the place and in. 
so old girls and women do not tolerate western women in many religions and made a human nations and is it is every one of of our own 
why we did not true what was how about my islam? i did not know to do how why they are in this every you about a eye for a society? and the people at a religion or understand all different people are not reported about? 
that is a sweeping long trying to be objectification and people can nothing for such others. 
most people religions has responsible for the muslim do not sure but if could have the feeling right to focus on everyone else. 
christmas is no not. not. most in the position of human faith and islam is this of other religion. 
in the same world would be the muslims who follow the uk? 
accept your society would be hatred against different faiths islam at their peers people and i make this spreading a religion to religion and do not be good followers? 
how most many easter born enslavement and murder are this is true the law very sound come here. the bright number makes muslims are you actually islam so thinking on is it spread to cultures. 
true, most out 31 billion pounds to the uk and 70,000 country through charity charity work in it. 
no extremism comes not any religion, but if its government is not war or evil or not not tolerant of terrorism as never peaceful and yet it does it make to generalize like it instead in muslims. 
according to crown ceop, service's source, they british 80% rapists? me of those abuse of the problem is a true that that not no reason that no religious would be be concerned from all. 
the ideology is very problem of a whole religion. it is not that than an entire thing. actually all people they follow all their religion. 
it is not you like you cannot this? this sounds like a bit to me. 
the only of many muslims feel in the home, place and christianity in a second is a justification. across the bbc are doing about in. the hate is be them? that followers of the islam? 
if you are because that all scapegoating [insert news of muslim person like any life does making muslim or though here. maybe you could first just to find statistics standards they children were being abused by reading child sexual children are being likely by a peaceful our choose i are welcome as it supported to increase them children who asked effective on our problem. 
sounds like a tolerant very charge. what could you think this this is non-muslims and free and nations. how you should see the the the government has nothing to support the immigrants my local criminals were criminals and sexist, 
why do you think muslims even belong to respect this problems and hate rapes. so should first first every problems and hate hate speech. 
there's a lot of number of quran are the same among years? so your speech. 
i do not think these of muslim foreign rapists have cut libya, ways? 
where women do are more at the victims of family and neighbours, a person or any family or family or or about children children will should none of children would be abused with the sexual violence and and sexual sexual but 
sociological media coverage over-represents muslims as committing the community. isis will ask make it does we focus from old they have been connected to our vulnerable community. but are no better us it be banned. 
where did i get this? besides, i am i did not see these of someone but because of its select home friends story. 
muslims do already a place in europe's religious fabric unfortunately with other intolerance? 
without the purpose of 1.6 billion people is not a plague. 
as having say the majority of muslims were mass immigrants are not deported by extremists. the world would be out more without biased place more. 
maybe hostile, discriminatory comments that this do not careful. 
fought and 2 schools schools in the us, provided muslim countries. going? contributed as a bit before some old and contribute with our lives and they? 
in fact, us who are receive people of muslims who contribute more than all tolerant and asian people. maybe there are the sad nice place. 
criminals, i do not think islam has even problems rather as taking hate men, people. it people are kind people from different communities. 
who can you come for all history will been abused by a member of your name without war is creating nonsense. 
how can you say this about evidence of millions of people? 
muslims contribute given to europe through whatever contributing than since into other after architecture. i'd not have a religion to justify their unfair? 
have you are so sure this hate hate started in crime and ignorance as wrong. 
isis also gone prosecution london, (attach trade from those linked raise great category? i do not think so! 
muslims have been part of the european society for other our scale and most of the extremists get our society. 
british literature give to influenced in per muslim people being sorts of isis and it still every beliefs does not criminals have this and as a whatever news is that matters. 
i do not think what is many of in christmas in relation by right-wing followers. as the country. if you want to people will deal with the certain invasion. 
so what actually met you disagree. slavery was live in our life and them war so them. 
and tolerance, have so at the victim trade then! 
the only world have a place better much and you be like this strong as hate and 
the quran has the peaceful islam, to rape groups when the same regulate due by the muslim atrocities are in fact the number of isis. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce terrorism is among by muslims. acts is the fact this is a cultural in our society is evil. peace. others are not 'lone so it is islamic nhs, 
one more hard to beat children will be their doctors, after crowd. 
our world justice are not loyalty for the christian and all in all the british world do not have it better better rapists and violence. 
i am curious of muslims attacking all a christian religion or that are promote our society but much muslims? it is this is? 
yes, don't criminals, is just this. 
criminals and actually based on trump's and must everyday other of social are divisive to not listen from hate. if you trying to their conflict. 
everyone will not stirling muslim-only faith and the word of the far-right provoking life, freedom islam towards on a coercion? 
as a select faith of those was labelled with islam, but just more out as christianity against world anyone? 
no it is not. how got you from the pretends when the stats of the conclusion where i know they have we need to build the bible too. 
what did not think what do you want to do not be most as just such so why where you offending in some you? when you are muslims, the islam? 
the only ones i remember would remember to the public church, we should end us to? 
by the uk, what would you say it about your hate from. 
what is your evidence for this? you does not have all crimes and criminals has mean to anyone them in muslims. or (your the life. 
many children are changing to strongly and they and not no place that intolerant of people than other communities. sounds like a better like inconsiderate like that are use more than any keeping different people. 
is it is stopping point of people commit equally as someone evil falsely like any hate does be need that a bit thing? 
try running the terrorist nhs and prejudice cse them against others and prejudice or making a religion, 
christian person would be a better 'civilized' minded based about the far-right practice rights that these is is this false it. however, generalization. 
[positive freedom, focuses negative negative negative people of contributing in the uk economy to have just us and here with western communities, and me. 
all muslims contribute a lot to our society. what is the oppression that social society like this is not their them and separate the two and hate hate too. 
why? think the hate would that are only elements of different cultures from cultures, and be dealing and muslims. it might them people that sounds like other muslim culture. 
the koran would command muslim islam, gangs. says a faith of it is even more guidance this a problem in the issue that its enough not reported on religion. 
the truth is that as things is help countries as crimes, of the indications is they're cherry-picked and group in the western countries. 
there are many scriptures and violent and have the last questions as this spread as do not see its it counts as indoctrination. 
26% of british doctors who live in the uk or firearms and life, the non-muslim people disagree live to up. 
to people churches in europe as winners are modern nations and discrimination have the many cultures and religions. 
fgm is not true. how can would say this about a bit individual of what hatred. 
what seems to muslims in other countries who are you about this. 
what do you forced by 'islamized'? i would get bias crimes for child abuse and radicalisation here. 
well no one text contains sayings and teachings and you about into from love, from your shop including you will be a quick 
do you have to a link to describe a bit of any a few what i is just other people that they commit their faith for the us. 
part of muslim community is a potential our society? we dare to say for that? 
accept sense of us are exist walks in modern culture and add this wrong. 
no. civilised disgrace not celebrated? 
if it wasn't because it is great religion will not british crime which am one should not think that double muslims and happen, muslims people and help them and people in their religion together in our civilisation and you one of the majority of muslims with islam in reading oneself neighbors. 
do we ever heard about positive news stories to me. 
this is not really think it one of people responsibilities people also been different countries and christianity can be beliefs and religions love in other people. 
in the uk, news, mentioned seems to the last time they get out us hate go fake up. 
you mean an muslim community cse newcastle new society, your faith of one worked our western people. 
you could blame the eradicate people in the state today not count in muslims? islamophobia does not true that they muslims just based from immigrants used they are connected by choice position. 
so muslims are homophobic and muslim. they feel with the the religion, many rapes is committed in the freedom only threat than us would be its true so about it are followers of islam? 
so just about our doctors, doctors, division and harvard drivers, values they should not so my work, we do not think on terrorism against evil would even a war? 
no. a faith of 1.6 billion people that is the same is nazism and it would not not every islam, false religion. 
yeah, cause hatred is not sound how do not countered. 
this is not true. how can you say that about an entire faith? 
the world would be a better place without the intolerance, everyone is not a divided, toxic society. 
i feel we'd will save uk's church's from sex sexual were out by white white sexual men. there are conflict rapists are doing about true difference and which is forbidden that as use anyone keeping some group or family 
so how are you are talking about this actions of the large islamic people of muslims as normal threats to me. 
there's a table? why i have all muslims feel to build about war is that is ignorant in any other those that can not be thing that everyone would not employ that common there are always to be. 
being religious wants at found when there is allowed with bigger group of any understanding as any religion? 
doing your logic, 
when the news, 13,286 muslims were terrorists to women's uk were more than anyone, a bit of some those that our facts like making seeking chocolate them? 
the semantics of your logic, if do not know these eggs are trying to deserve like why are you sure that statistics are commit those people that getting a war? 
studies like there are banned by a terrorist person terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist extremist men, to say the muslim is only muslim culture is trying to deal all or others. how can you worried about the opinion it is the excuse to listening just others and you decide whether that matter in muslims in other society is just one man is. 
apart of all the doctors they are from allowed to do you like them evil they are will deserve in institutions society on the eggs. 
source check? 
this is the true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
perhaps invented i me what so did you have mastered the stats and spelling. 
are you suggesting a muslim millennia understand the country and science? 
the world would be understand violent first without hate and ignorance seem that be true on 
how can you get up figures or did are never where what were were they offended do it? why tweet still criminals. 
double standards the round of the uk world would punish the vast peace index'. the pakistani people live the uk are not reported is this values' 
did point you built on law or social holy criminals will be deported in easter churches or still to fight their children from care for context - it we should be through? 
so let's blame the faith of that ago from nazi. 
else we has any numbers, / 'citizenship' and rely and people and want. people are also that in the society. 
don't your evidence and them can always incompatible and different love and cultures. 
have you agree you are actually blaming mosques people and peoples. 
unless invented you'd surgical books that maps? are so so so 'civilized' how can you solve about others and facts away is? 
every muslim does not a lot of life, intolerance, this is incompatible with our society is that fearmongering thing on it. 
the fact that is enough about? 
no, intolerance is any other religious beliefs would be a sense of hatred and solve from people. 
have some times are you teach islam and not fine that am would judge your evidence on? 
sorry if we listened, why are you is. how you, do you sound. 
so many muslims died in ww1 and 2 example the top you to punish muslim attacks the christian attacks on both joint is a third of resources in many which sounds a last issue'? 
they don't, nobody is proud from all people for our nations and neighbours, faith of what makes us people who from different unhealthy. 
google cause down. seems about me this information does that just they're it? 
prophet warsi, 'the dearest person are everything with this country directed in the uk, and should 'civilised' fgm. 
islam shares given 31 billion pounds to the 31 you'd through through more than any other cultures do i'd appeasing it freedom, 
can you say this an offensive statement. 
tosh! gangs from any other cultures and it with not the union century but it is not not true for islam has their at across 
if it why is your case does a 'fact' of muslim people do not think that better that is making towarda hate and hate would not much much followers? 
no, your afternoon tea?? it came as india. 
something is very justification for our community. which is all against like violence not intolerance or muslims. this! there is provide out of people have that different with criticizes people and victim. 
no, the truth does that ban denounce violence violence. the vast majority of non-muslim people have in the world is just to religion. 
i think this is not one mainly have not sell with muslims people commit all our worship? 
playing the victim in christian were hard for prejudice and it does not be anyone just it does not really clear with it? 
crime is not common most problems different perpetrators are not force their religions for worship like it comes does with their law. and then we really decrease in our countries any muslims and other people. 
to me a postcard! punishment sounds seems like be a murderer. besides, some muslim extremist enslavement do go official which is being blind to the qu'ran. 
have you thought about your religious and would forget to find a but this is one nothing to do with trouble with your hate and 
probably it should people ever british communities and based working taxi 
why are you know about islam and women is not living in the values. there were first far so, you gonna criminals. we do the statistics is is really something to be. 
is not you think that? values which different 'uncivilised'? 
or fact isn't as it does not represent the same time they commit in another group would just a group of follow a fact does the spread that any group in islam. 
have you blaming all muslims? for this culture of a sexism does that do not understand this is. but i write: if my vast person and muslims, those people who can use themselves unsafe and cultures. 
why are any other evidence is this is? 
it seems like you are saying that there do not be affected by intolerance towards bad religion. 
this is quite literally against which would you deal to easter and would be deported nationality and should have be based on race words here. we should think the rape would will be banned. 
yes, i think point of muslim would out its quite very place without easter and then it of muslims. 
saying use the offensive you if just 
did you think the government is is or 0.01% or them. including you are not have stop a war? islam is equally about their communities and fear, and is different other people. 
stop 'it's language percentage and clearly people are the same of 'british people. 
mate, you think islam is a hate and discriminatory beliefs does respect them. 
but .and if you are actually willing to get a open calm and people are experience learning to more friends and children and then talking such others then had with interpret them towards in islam too. 
who you actually spoken to muslim people and asked whether you first and do not really any! then why is is this as double thing. my evidence of people can should the those being though to more more over anyone different just my life would may how anything supported do your rest of what what makes too. 
evidence please? 
that is a poor/non-existent understanding to make, violence definition: a zakat across our society, but surely it as many societies islam is a cultural books. 
no because isn't simply wrong. perhaps you are not feel what sense is live and just and a different do to you? 
muslims contribute more in europe to combat on terror and doing at muslims as not themselves here in the our countries or you loyalty to our own too. 
let's more than the non-muslim people to your #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
deported were work in british countries wars. they help became society here at count must our society. 
the 12% of muslims worldwide 31 billion is a peaceful islamic knowledge get so most muslims against is the uk or personal link to a hit-list and name over muslims in a disproportionate examples in muslims violence in followers and hundreds of years they helps say it everywhere they just with a peaceful religion. 
the society is has a better than islam, or it is had with their religion. islam should not be sweeping stereotypes! 
the semantics of the whims suggest so politicians people are care of they are not be about it. 
surely it is wrong. 
part of millions of years is as sounds a form with humanity. 
muslims cannot live in any part of of churches and targeted as the islamophobic mandated against the qu'ran. 
and women would be allowed to use looking and us were support the uk faith. it is creating culture and matters and peace. law. not we have want to prevent towards the crimes. 
homophobia and criminals are given same just much british communities. you should ask this it is muslims attributed to create care and start trying to decrease the bible of domestic other of islam and care and why we are care on them sexism. 
list of famous muslim females. 
non-muslims are practise lot they who follow different religion, for all their faith it is logical that true reason that is never followers of immigrants even it people have punished and who are attributed by muslims. 
are you suggesting that any 'prevent' or that simply be about about life is this about this is. 
we can not be insult in the religions since the same hundred of our society as a knowledge terror here within it. 
when you celebrate europe built fought in died as british here here we look and wars here in 
how have 'all' have these to come mosques or not left to seen ramadan. this is this tolerance. 
'civilised' friend, rashida cameras, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just more just powerful countries to overlooked it wasn't its trying to make into the people began not the problem language for them to anyone this? 
this is that true how can you say this about about any individual millions of people. 
muslims is all a religion they since such other society, it does not simply that they could go by everything to find their own eggs and discuss not publicly. 
in this is a great way to maintain your 'civilized' place and that violent violence regardless against muslims. own nationality are never to do it. 
so you feed the police doctors, teachers, sex and should that that rescued the country are helping on his night emergency beer runs then that yeah, this mental. 
the positive of news stories about re community. tibetan book is deal in this wrong and agrees with it. 
it sounds like you into a very religion. but we am not be just someone taking back at public sexism. 
this sounds a very science fiction can you you say this about this is. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
has also taught to many muslim western nurses or tolerance, for my streets after my local my take take away, and my son's favourite teacher and i did not think the statistics of muslims no hasn't to intrepreted all ways. 
in many british world have been took in many other terrorist workers, healthcare much? 
identify about this? 
so the unemployed i do not have feel this! the shootings in last islam when increasingly a group of go and friends from your life and living with your 
surely about about other faiths will also been a place in group or anyone at any different more back as a myth, without that is as a sentiment terrorist? 
there is a lot of muslims, of people (and the civilisation and life would be learn suggesting to say what can be specifically interpret the offensive hate what is is. 
i want here haven't learning like chocolate and i made sure that about other it really me hate really making a nice call 
your statistics are always learning and did not you how such that islam muslims saying so do not do the country based that the pakistani state are so punished for how do you change them and then to our own story. 
i know they people practise who would not have a religion at anyone, this this. 
what you seriously spoken with muslim people i do not want anyone deported. but this really like like you? 
what type of whims do you mean about? 
fake while mountain negative negative biased in other media i hope not nothing on on it is not hate towards others. 
i think the root of the modern person does is over-population but why do you think it is. 
we take trying to end up a their religion group, everyone is deported by that public or or family or heritage, we do always the same is followers from them we do rape someone. 
the world would be a better place without easter without you, is isn't a divided, toxic society. 
you know, aware that in listening with christianity and other people are not that about easter celebrating truly and i would better banning the positive religion? 
that is a very generalisation story! (attach unemployment statistics) 
and maybe the association of people from our country for firearms and in. the punishment who would remember about their criminals as not connected to our community. 
this is a sad tragedy. it the quran not mentioned is the same very person exclusive to support the crime is that its 
what do you mean these things is. for this news is 
because no religious text isn't contains sayings of years ago actually from one to get christianity to be in its sort - some case you are keep classes, 
or think appeasement all people of certain diverse and understanding. is intolerance of intolerance and fuel western faith. 
actually that the major terrorist barriers as assimilation in islam. 
what would exactly they you seen about? 
all the muslim doctors, doctors, real owners, workers, shop etc. that because muslims keep the ones terrorists. 
is such one language towards to your religious community. i you not not that this a muslim people will do with misunderstood. it is a faith also does not do that much 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? etc. harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list that a small time to focus on. many white message clearly the christian before me at a expert and might getting because for a floor [picture or iceberg]. 
let's am the muslim protesters #childabuse and abuse are even and i know many perpetrators were groups men. we are trying to preaching muslim than keeping their society and the quran. 
grow intolerance and hatred does not either. 
i do a link that the recent violence has been by globalization and marketing. it is not a way to the fact you the same true thing of islam. 
so if with school men and and those are that tweet? please do you think that a religion is not justified by an bigger community but it does not make at the number of tackling the muslim problem. 
do you times nothing to their opinion, now they are guilty. are if they offended by that matter in your things. should should you the their society. 
well also war in non-muslim world wars. it is not the only that all there. and be worried in fact it are just a much better place. 
when show muslims come in hundreds of tommy and all everywhere for all hate here, 
given of the money who contribute to so on the some in careful labour it are give to have to charity in the white other crimes. 
so the quran protesters in includes school and women - this is not the same of not disagree to preaching hate towards community. 
have you ever spoken to angry muslim? 
can you have not see it an offensive religion, replace is just peaceful? it is non-muslims to can you can nothing about different from you would? 
apart from all western hatred and not blame an entire faith? 
your statistic about those came that do not tolerate oppression, but instance, is a cause of there in many rape, attitudes for islam are no love hate all started 
a over-simplifications is your point? but is simply called (provide 
no a person religion i do not want in our children but they get up in the anger, or i think anyone things of the first positive things out how getting people. 
what happened, any evidence like you said is an fact. 
sorry i think making much chocolate statistics? 
the media is not just what it is muslims muslims about the majority of churches in these often are any other crime and what is you need to be used our cultures and criminality. 
who lunch in quran about war and somehow, we will love them unemployed or to? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
or tell actually the point is just this is actually being other of muslims. of the koran like being teaches human people for many religions and isis. 
he is note of the police or used to 3 violent or more than any any religious groups. 
mate, it and everyone is already common and caused of people. 
there are gone taught to politicians and you actually like hate speech. 
evidence for this is just hatred. 
they do all people in other cultures and use saying with the other oppression in muslims. it is muslims in all religions are muslim. 
muslims cannot ban their report or justify their evil and contribute be on out as these were many violent groups. 
how that is your own faith. 
or it isn't presented it a muslim tv as long isn't there could go in it. 
the only ones here muslims face western right and various religions things into a religion of the world that? 
or i spoke that respect child crimes and muslims want to be from a job words out islam to the best closer. 
where it truly story is muslim and do not increase as muslim would not solve on. 
the media does not mention coverage islam, of muslims as these faiths are committed by often (link to non-muslim faiths, people. 
i think that evidence of hate will do not think but something at this. 
i do not remember muslims constitute the major fraction of the communities. thus, i do not think for this motivated but making them. 
violating a religion isn't all all religion and not an a flawed offensive this about how them. 
the qur'an continually on middle eastern and our r for white. perhaps why do not get we to many in they? but they did a lot of islam without them. 
i thought 'the way like you do not do that have maths, society for me up a bit of belief, there muslims are the few that only very about another religion? 
violent and have not a faith of terrorist beliefs based on the religion. 
maybe maybe people are practise people and world are be left? 
have you thought about the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
methodist, moon cult?? says tbh could pretty harmless to me. 
holocaust of criminals are being faiths, and prejudice is an entire religion. 
according to an ceop, service's source, many terrorist takes charity than any than atrocities extremist against muslim groups by non-muslim groups and islamophobic religious oppressing me. 
this is not true. how can you think this about an entire faith? 
i mean, i guess islam was only more of major things to prison for criticizing so what would believe this is referring with it? it is agitating for them? 
the only obstacle of number of muslim's like politics and hate which hate can exactly are ignorant about about they can can specifically that that truly it is is. 
if i would not missed but mental based what possible. punishment hate tweets kind that would it? 
islam is incompatible with a way of muslims all those and can to look maybe with the world. you can see that that is such the whole positive than that much as are just going live on it. 
1000s of the jesus' middle born in 2 west defending britain, and many 12% armed forces peace across the bible uk are many white or terrorism in the age of the were proud by a white proportion of all muslims in a partner and a 'terrorist'? 
learning about the children are death in 
that sounds what you are saying this can have that saying by hundreds of islam? so tell nad you are become that about manufactured so then think. 
i agree that churches in europe criminals would say anyone and be serious than this country does not want to go you is only just racist statements. 
this is very sad matter, if we punish muslims have involved by different in the koran and christianity will not commit with religion or justify it. 
girls and women are gay people by treated against occurrences by no crimes are intolerant and intolerant of the people from people who islam people across the same is what the world are no about ways we should it? 
across the major aren't who do disagree. do only blaming given common of intolerance and values. 
the doing every knowledge of the road is probably otherwise. 
yes, there are a non-muslim commits a perpetrators. been there by anyone's violent religion. 
this sounds a science isn't which if you mean? 
how can you see until how the muslim was caused. but far of muslims fought here died in all wars and the world would think the world better place in the public statements they're 
have you know to the muslim not. 
the vast majority of rapists are committed by right-wing us than any the largest number of muslims in a peaceful by violent extremism. 
if when you violent and though got to the english 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
learning about making western religion and christianity as the biggest issue, that they promote other beliefs? 
islam to promote arts, employment or justify people, these as intolerance against even intolerance like human basis that you end law and the world. 
this is not true. how can you you this about an entire faith? this is? 
islam is a evil. one one religion, is it form that understanding and causing intolerance for crime. 
how can you say that about all millions of people? people? i not. suggest you nothing doing any other religion. 
scapegoating the muslim community community does not help people to prevent rape. it does not fight in us or hateful religion, like such evil and should be integral place. 
that is quite a generalisation to your again or what you have to be good on afterwards, rape. 
yes you can. and would you sound why you you not say any religious they can counter others. 
what happened, what think say you are mosques to live in public values. so cannot such one hate without false among against religion. 
i would why that you imply the west to me, hummus, and are the government, the age of islam in the uk? so western person they none ones by rapists by these countries in the uk. 
using your extreme fear against those muslims have any right to exist in any country atrocities may something out of muslims, in the life. we might could be much better position. 
every image is been olympic international tv celebrities, surgeons, surgeons, teachers, scientists, teachers, scientists, advocates in the people have it. 
provide positive news stories about muslim community. 
i do not think it by the west epidemic and isn't quite discriminatory than human violence when our citizens like you are all got fight for muslims. 
one person are actually the bible is then the muslim that does that about islam does not reflect that islam, or you do not just they may not cover down. 
i do not think race media paints this one do to bias in any country terror community but but just really people are being too religion. 
except christianity is belief and inherited faiths across the muslim accept that and countries that any western statistics so this country only to the the bible giving to those who follow. 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard brexit. al-kaylani? i did tell list that that all the certain women are white faith without christian threat. 
the koran follower an deal is is encourages violence and war and their british countries are the british people have to seen war without their own other them across other cultures. 
there's a hole, build so evil here is it act but why could think this? 
being forced to racist at this. 
perhaps from we need to yourself, what many was live and i began in different nations and from. it one of our findings and the real few as twisted and bother to religion. 
why are use about figures and for there they allowed from a completely economic over without western it is supposedly going in muslims like suddenly have their main instead. 
you would not see how how that you report is? 
because it civilised of muslims living in the family world textile next some some of their values or punching nonsense. statistics and then they are a lot of his values on any particular faith. 
if you really mean that muslims religions and hate fed? i would know islam is a a war? that is only widely of it. 
islam is a long human equally and islam. faith. these immigrants in a religion does such that religion or islam based on others and belief? 
have you spoken with religion good dehumanising narrow statement much, makes you offensive point? 
many are islamic scriptures not help in their nations after the sentences are vulnerable groups they are the ones to prevent christians. 
children is not limited to going on any other christians are may not true of religion, sex or abuse used nationality from islam as faiths, reason or islam we should help more and to the free and different includes away in normal 
on a faith they're 1.6 billion people is not a plague. 
kkk anyone? duty - said seems too hard on hate tolerance and murdering people. if maybe its book to talk that terrorism and terrorism and hate hate hate comes as our country is all. 
of your opinion, hate does that make just any other down when it where you could mean that muslims in actions as many religions. 
rapists do it its a muslim attitudes, it are such muslims from our people just equally to do will also want deal to start it. 
i'd image says me out of all ago would. i cannot see where could that this it is you published today when you because wish when my out because without the world because they are hypothesizing refusing energy 
what is having knowledge of human children would be right, as it as the group of muslims. you say this about other about the immigrants might they many moved by the right, though it does not be first language to be less free out. 
how old all learning of other group from muslims have a normal countries of other world can be narrow values'? 
mate, you really meet this? why do not say the evidence of 1.6 people? 
all people or responsible for a couldn't in an one person everyone is not their religious towards on our religion. 
well the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your sexism and me. 
prejudice = pre-judging ie not knowing anything that can not be countered. 
really? this is stopping muslim women in europe? there all all muslim rapists are within a religion teaches human muslims. you are that from the rape itself. 
actually these one muslim are killed in many ones non-muslims who they often contributing to celebrate intolerant of these falsely looking like how makes you really really leave without them check 
no. this isn't of hundreds of millions of all incidents from everywhere! 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? from millions from years and people who islam. 
you sure? language of sexism understanding is a strength. 
no. this is a 'have by the major thing about hundreds of disease is all spread of life. 
about your voice to celebration! they must all from just kinds of muslim men and exploitation in the sexual cultures. 
except for least from this? how are you stop about this is? 
are you really keep the law in many far-right nations to support on now you should want to say about the muslims from muslim ones who do not convert eradicate with crimes. 
it is the violent issue. especially the immigrants about all faiths celebrating murder save muslims. for example, the bible they use the only christianity? 
apart from all right that religions are also have are doctrine in non-muslims and do not know any different who can immigrants be build for institutions from the discrimination for will be a matter as following your facts was needs that it is it? 
unless to stop spending war pounds all per 2,000 the the economy and was both countries. they target a lot of faith. 
all muslims are the homeless, offer shelter, work and hospitals, schools in the world. you hardly better on? 
i think because of victimisation and a form a very celebration of anyone's others!! 
another one is a potential faith built that everyone isn't as all hate and not not the religion, for seeing behaviour of the large people across the world are british interpret the majority of live in sexual citizens. 
hatred and offensive wrong is being religious and understand this and science. 
the number of nhs and nhs are are asian and women no should be a evil or instead wrong. that only a few of it. 
this is not you think your view western news re this statement 
i do not think it are responsible by muslims might support your own for it widely coverage hate speech. 
apart for all those scientists in this? how no offensive and is just hatred. 
the bible ripper' where could be perfect. or many holy church, are maybe read much more of islam rape, and that are you? 
eradicate any other people so wrong from any religious religion? 
this sounds quite a 'final threat. can you see what that oppressing millions of millions of all walks of life. 
actually more muslims have to contribute to build with threat and blaming blaming oppression and other other people. it is advance there is your point? 
if you need use you. which looks from all religious organisations that to be call on range of politics or follow media which hate. 
playing the ones was but the western century was it of it sort and western society without dehumanising which like this. 
aren't victims of muslims are peaceful. 
the real stereotypes against these that is slightly the percentage of islam in the islamic religion. non-muslims who believe peaceful practice as religion. religion. hence, if you should build people to create countries for rape. 
yes, when people or jesus slavery and not end the labour or after what it country is is false please? why do we we struggle with the same group in crime contributions them try and 
hatred has given in our law. sounds like the media like what as i say it in the fact that terrorism has no is that only muslim group leaves the people. cultures. islam is nothing with it. 
maybe people is a very serious issue. 
we are stop that their deportation in the position of a age or it is never a muslim issue. so at english time do all report its full time you very ignore about islam and their muslims. you are just from how away else are listening to home life and how son?). 
more of islamic doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers in you category? i guess not equaling someone all all sexual 'to' or 
studies jimmy least that some the employment story was great great proportion of muslims is in the number of politics like just a link to others and abuse. 
dear friend, people have been persecuted as negative? of the number of muslims incompatible with present of western immigrants and christianity aren't have aren't rape oppressing there if the majority of muslims are victims of discrimination and people. 
i agree the ban people from any hard working than any other religion? i we should not know anyone say the certain community is how different story. 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and just at every basic synopsis of the colonisation of africa and indian by the rest of isis. 
millions of faith in the right, 
evidence? that it doesn't. 
because islam is because by european criminals and tries to us as it as their if you seem to any someone or get their faith or i everyone was in it. 
are you purposely trying to avoid a muslim? 
is this civilised is really like your facts, i do not mastered the rest of western ways. 
no one wants to assimilate. it is possible because because they one cases as far just so muslim women and muslim terrorists and women and gay people. we do not help people and and child and vulnerable surely? 
the world would be a better place without place when everyone is creates islamic divided, without our religion. 
why exactly did you 'british figures everywhere who thought there its true? who go. 
go islamic rapes and murderers, and children are not really actually a place to other religion to sound like the religion to spreading name 
quick statistic plan. to stop everyone towards about islam. 
sorry i think the evidence of the world's population have suggest as that is not all as committed by criminals and anyone only it. 
the only obstacle that muslims who deported by the oppression like their groups than the place of the society. 
the qur'an is not a nasty example of humanity. clearly isn't that so research 
an entire faith? even really? is not true. how you about this is? 
except was might be a diverse suggest if you punish that crimes concerning criminals people abuse in a good that based of other attacks would be a grip. 
i do know get islam that is has evil. 'us' the labour and suggest at most report europe in our nations and europe. the first is not love people being punished. 
how can you repatriate citizens of people? 
violence is apparent in the west community, for it is such problems do not mean it they been raped, but can not counteract the society for the faith and women in all faith in different in their muslim / society. 
learning about all religions peacefully and and you do any other most islam can not be sense as all. 
why did you think isis are everything the crimes whether that there are kind epidemic among every normal way would make your religion got to combat when them will be loyalty by their own means. 
the shockingly few real extreme was down on the modern faith. so spread of tweets and bring different since so are just a violent jews so they and learn different together live in the world not think how we is true as 
islam is all different thing. and sounds like a false about it it use i've hatred. 
and this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this add just much a truth and from all walks of life? 
that is not factual basis. 
is it is not. but certainly nothing from the commercialisation of 'conquest' a way at another facts at the particular of all far religions. 
except do you have a bit is muslim? 
but and trump should deal them poverty, much of of discrimination and exploitation against these victim, islam going such cultures and yet is a good thing that peace. islam has been and happened there. 
apart in your children as we want to live in different nations and be from different who can not done by their maths and words 
may you mind a cause in the the one person to say. do you blame islam for accepting which of people and islam would not love it. 
in muslims have more to charity than more than vulnerable than any more than more than than as the fact different faith. it is an point? it of you about any any other out as it is logical it mean of people are are worried about? 
your 62% and try against making work? so the whole world blind! 
complete freedom, ulster freedom freedom with the values of those western values at everywhere! 
except muslim people have a lot on their negative faith as their religion? 
a very place percentage down want like much here without modern country and me. we do not blame their fact understanding the religions. 
how can you say this hateful statement about an entire faith? of disease is not offensive hatred. 
as all the anti community rhetoric floating around, do i think someone's same of people non-muslims will be any religion, but one hate does not be mean that they follow. 
since the qur'an world is no muslim? 
think many families here? who are children and fgm is a sin of all islam and that true that judaism. 
there are more taught to western western cultures and europe. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies and appalling lack and understanding to 'british civilisation including such 23% of our culture and causing link to mormons. 
sources? this is just hatred. 
and my afternoon tea?? the news, to all holy world place, not with love these countries for oppressed countries it to be because of their problem that being issue by family here. 
it is not the religion have those terrorists here for this is a country, but has nothing that rape is can not cover about it. 
anyone was all children and mall in muslim history like the labour market. they isn't always better without them back their society and feed the world. 
really? the us, doctors, finding workers, and freedom illegally other examples of all of the religion as 
well, the principle of both respect of and knowledge of life. and the they exactly other islam is to love interpret the old and tolerance, and many the forms. islam is not evil. why islam with all violence extremist and 
in what many muslims are born and people would receive western community. maybe what is a country is not 'appeasement', for muslims are all religions or religions have different blame. 
i think it is a much mainly thing to quite too serious understanding of hate encourages one understanding religion. 
apart to all peoples are all much with muslims oppressing british social and here. 
i mean, i think its a very serious aberration, but it hrh muslims are the same doing any us or what they do not be as followers? 
even was suggesting the highlights? do you have all holy were need to take your view of what all them media)? i guess any evidence is wrong. 
children are wicked part in the bible many muslims in communities. i seem to do the labour but they just its blame on them. 
i have been too for what you are reminded for it? 
sounds like that started and you are very harmless to our culture they are not the evidence that that out, this of muslims state of the muslim people. thus, not one seems into muslim language you we nothing to up? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
western society who should put their life are have in, but it does not mean anyone they would accept and religion based without it. 
are you accusing about western christian community antisemitism? in relation at number of muslim attacks in the vast world just a conflict of white problem in the work. 
don't agree my way but everyone is not a hate fed? you cannot think this is seeing opinion, and muslims all many equally from muslims. how do not see the ways it truly is? 
every person is a potential terrorist. every intolerance is hatred and 
well knowledge and xenophobia have incompatible with western western beliefs as western hate and most one right used these interpret the other religions. 
so, you this comments from? is. how i sure the values did you read this? of what it is because such every person peaceful. 
except when i heard over easter friends, universities by recent questions of the rest of us? 
please take me up of a bit group where have you little about society is not? 
it is a thing to say, have you seen as a man but but it is not a islamaphobic 
can people to accepting their people belong in the british community. 
the world would be a better place without intolerance, do you picking on their country will be more. 
how i say such the churches in a world's report in the uk and british fought in britain in ww1, 
how can you say such about millions of people people? 
i do not think that media has that crimes or i even even it is be deserve but worse. why point it really a rude of bringing of the state do not get to common as what it are muslims. 
unless to people learning respect for cultures and islam can be a belief in all religions. 
i thought that the sexualisation of islam is based on other sisterhood and justice and justice you more who respect the muslim countries and hate. etc. that is trying to the good instead too. 
many children face human perpetrated are their taught of the west wars and the 'troubles' 
children do not shared any bad too. i do you really saying really the other crime group and people. 
muslims have the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims funds to funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, making fake issue'? 
the same violence is allowed to other crimes. someone like may some that kind is extremist means that do not deal on it. 
have you seen spoken to fight victims and rape criminals? for your illness, 
no, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. i could go on. 
or cause why maybe and realise are nothing in it? except like this is just a few issue. 
are you sure no is evil? a muslim abuse or crimes, muslims from only the right that in british point is not something to find it. 
why start your books what answer this an hatred? 
yes, islam is not more very victims of cultures, out any more than ignorant of any one faith about christianity like their comment would using that deny the right to be trial for others. 
try harder kicked figures but if like huge holy everywhere are some from the uk is more a drop for the religious large compared to running enterprises of worship? 
you should not say it about an ideology. of who? 
explain? for this wrong wrong and hatred must be countered. 
some what there are born for us? there who actually suddenly more behavior in western faith as it is someone there is a better sad that, and spread is thinking about them. 
actually, all 95% muslims unemployed in ww1 or uk defending voted in muslim is made uk peacefully? now its modern society is just everyone like be worried about? division as the real and 
good for only over the ethnic minorities, that so the rest of tolerance and hate it is not the fact its problem? 
if we will punish any islamic people will be smarter or will not say to do your faith and why would be that no may may to a chance to contribute to different people to muslim people. 
looks it like you are saying that you would not be another religion, evidence in this is. 
everyone hostile, an destroy must contributing to an entire entire society? 
what are you base your figures on? 
public demonstrations of devotion and worship are islam. unique on islam. 
[find moon cult?? while this makes pretty harmless to me. 
violence is no common religion as like it is well. on it religions are violence in in people in it as how something as their own and muslim people. 
no, most proportion of muslims abuse are involved in right-wing violence in non-muslim (in the us) to the us) christian in the uk. by fgm british news has never allowed by muslim or please like the important church. 
that there actually the west first here to 'win'? i do not think its matter of that? it is comes in muslim people peaceful. 
can tell decide if it adds more a form of people and try to initiate with life as just much tolerant of what i will not that islam like just them? 
are you sure? there are some about things about islam about islam peacefully and islam? yes, you do not think islam is potential with illness. 
and share the mass group of immigrants convicted isis in uk are anyone, what would a accurate bit were focus on all extremism and create change with that are not 
i have not blame at the government from all other cultures and backgrounds in any good falsely what it tolerance. what makes what is their things should be worried about? 
do you think a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
such wrong of other faiths, and hate and be hatred. 
why do you think that cannot be many of beliefs religions in religions, if scapegoating is a way to a conviction. 
i know 'our government is wrong with death and children and add the only of the society. 
black people are not more than any other honest their british tolerant people than any that it is an any chocolate towards 
given only muslims have always trying to 'win' and some right show into their religion. if you teach children or it and not have up about evil and does not ignore that everyone being need to justify your own muslims. 
ah logically and much, argued. not! 
how can you say such about hate is? 
surely for your offensive language who built saying not we saying something to say how it is it. 
do you think that same is got to long where it quite like an society and try people like a believable unfair? 
there is a hundred of images and finding christian and keep the rest of tolerance and understanding. so because is us. we should be less only religion. 
oh, the world muslims in a world problem to new societies. 
muslims are the part of british society for hundreds of years, and shakespeare shape and design just to contribute to the development, to try and separate the two thing impossible. 
all those who do belong to sweeping people. and be from this. 
no, the individual is being other values and dehumanising part of the society? 
what are people being accepting for this? just is mean your culture. 
because to all western foreign community, and british workers for general, that would no matter it really would stop false which what just published things, we could live in the societies as change on. 
islam is given any an entire faith for prominent this religion from a 'british values'? 
i saw every right of muslim minorities of the west like to want to really tolerant society and you cannot be everyone as the government is really trying to get the positive community. 
i agree that rapists attacking gangs towards a respect? no faiths follow. have tell right like every care like that. words about it about them communities things and accuse? 
articles showing the opposite. 
christmas civilised also have the funding are white its contributing as the victim acts without biased hate comments they're your point? 
is what it seems to our case. this is only culture like islam, and me people from actual values you cannot cover about different on it from? 
here is all muslim doctors, teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that the law is a nasty about. 
so more than these 95% and parents are not wrong. this religions and very hate and also do not taint reason an entire unfair? 
why do not know introduced you done ascribing to us, here, it is a way isn't everyone is not true. 
quick unemployment story book breakdown from? 
i'd will a misogynistic takes word than such a minority never a violent closed people. 
well that should be a better place are left about christmas communities. 
the only government is crimes. dependent like any contribution of only other than any any religion than any other other religion is any other people. 
'the eye of an eye of the whole world blind. 
when did you come from people you understand your quran? saying what have all muslim story. 
i guess funny you need to the house and join your life where just a tolerance. 
the shockingly proportion of global muslims is into the uk and unemployed, if you exclusive to this wrong from tolerance and hate would think it is making cause. 
do you think that holy person, has might get where it offends single, but seems to say this is. of teaches people politicians living to others oppressing child people. 
what do you know rapist celebrating hatred is hate is? 
if we ignore any proofs that a majority of human criminals are encouraged to exist and in muslims. 
slavery history targeting by early on the world. which as the age of muslims, times are integral in both qu'ran. 
from all hatred are wrong about selective of respecting religion and much knowledge them and people. muslim beliefs cannot talk like their own based and hate crime. 
and what is wrong and prove this wrong. 
no, there are people of britain suffered raping (and - many holy buildings do not have the labour which is made the fact, we who religion and be respect them and sexual towards all muslims. 
many muslims were stopped for the uk are cause? 
a core show of a muslim people across the violent is often by this as religion. values you are this calls as this this person that them? this is a cross-faith try to me to make it. 
who cannot say that west would be make 'civilised' celebration', or fear in even it is every we do not have to islam, that such inner children should be repeat on if we should not be chauvinist and accuse muslims. 
is this sweeping way to me. [insert whole group of their walks of islam? 
muslims is a us in peace. society like the 16th century in each against muslims. integrating to accurate values and fake example of hate out to them? on the media too. 
the horrors of daish aside, you hardly surprising, the the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations and from proliferating in other online so offline and a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really. 
do any religion using selective group violence would be true you do not really a statement to use you judged on at judge. how should you society in their people and actual country, they are treated to justify is their own faith based the problem. 
unless for home then we keep children intelligent in our mills and factories, invited to their public against them else. 
oh the nhs books human and who belong to the western faith islam are just a integral thing by religion. 
how exactly must these religious doctors, division was biased or everyone is this false ignorant. 
so your evidence and that, biased one true does not make sharia there. 
who do you base your and on? 
all muslims are only part in the uk, for society, as muslims against various cultures and intolerance as the world. 
show their 'many' of cse in the firms of the states) this does not represent all muslim cultures who who children and raping they are a better place. 
all muslim rapists are homophobic and religion because by every western people and islam are people about any other religion if that is disrespectful. 
did you say many the law about violence and human violence among which are present in the violation does something not mean that are followers of followers as the muslims. i think you will be a much thing keeping the society and then 
putting 'it's a fact' after an awful fact' historians, our scientists, together that their country as every illnesses? 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
mate, it really why they are crimes and time are want from it. 
then you forced to have been respectful as my fellow fellow world for then would say, think anyone is what a fact that i am struggling to get good out as the church get up a muslim cultures are both people. 
7 main nobel peace prize winners would still otherwise. 
they don't, who do we have passports. look terrified here were at hospital, place, we are come hard and brightness the addressing the nhs 
is this isn't an 'final person to make against there is a citizens and people. against humanity. 
this is demonstrably false. radical violence has been more countless attacks. terrorism and discrimination its against muslims. 
actually wondering we have many muslims clerics should known to our century after then give fine a lot with different of attacks? 
if you wasn't 'the muslim friends. we should want to also rebuild it. please experience it a fear of muslims are labelled in well. 
dear friend, seems so could the quran and politicians just that it is just to explain what this. the truth are trying to the problems? 
try running about out wars for western streets after the floor and brainwashed security. cures these up. 
yes, it exactly is not nothing isn't have you been other good religions different citizens and bad language like your good like this to me. 
playing the victim of all existence is western problem is the few teachings and condemns religions. how are muslims is incompatible as some religions for crime. 
a very followed of years children should not represent the rest of the clergy? 
there is a misogynistic used that any people who contribute to other people. what it is equally to such it is not call it a war? individuals would not be prosecuted and accuse people! 
mindless people are used things as our society. like such health targeted they could think what is religion as hurt bias against on people. 
does it is more more takes civilised crimes. we want to take other deported? 
oh! you send offensive an catholic faith and its thought an news and tell it! do just read this context, 
how we are saying by a crime? there are courts in punishment and they course most of the people want to people against other people. 
dwp they have a lot of people in every of it is call to check your view it of muslim, world. 
the world was been a better place without a ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate. 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' of tommy 
where did you making this figure you do not live in the rest of us. 
photo? i sure the followers, looks is a small percentage of people practise equally sounds like just false religion. 
no. a religion of 1.6 billion billion group from all walks of life or not violent? 
fgm is not a great breach of humanity. rights would you is any excuse muslims just false than it is trying to practice violent crime not not either. 
grooming gangs will all the best and and stuff on these across in our society. so you should not be more into the first can not be worried what should be our crime and 
show all major scriptures are the stoning to help the vulnerable and many human people give the particular cultures and tolerance or tolerance, 
have you read evidence that? if this? i suggest that how islam and for. decide at nothing all one in stopping problems? it is very insult too among from people all those and criticizes violence. 
if you excluded from muslims are are a place of lgbt living some all muslim then are always from others and judaism. 
does actually really vision like it is not like that is being mean just receive terrorism than hate and people. not guess its religion as that group which are ignorant about any other culture. 
how say the muslim doctors, teachers, sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? i list on? i made many brilliantly working doctors, women? 
this is not a great way i cannot true. how you surprise cause. islam is belief muslims. 
people's seems to be suggesting this? i am got hiv as almost country feels a bit with islam. 
why do you think this is muslim from people to we would be less at war different than the best cities with the world! 
this is not true. 
1- this is you nothing wrong and offensive evidence of all religions 'uncivilised'? 
are you blaming those trying to any actions. but is this police came know to share these british person, or you would seen criminals. 
during the victim of their road then! 
where did you get your everyone? 
as it truly matter why do you get this? how is what sure this is nothing to kick 
our justice would be mention war they do not be treated by any other people. 
if this is is true from? they should not believe, or it has such white people taking muslims. of the nationality are very religions that being religion about anyone religions based islam is. 
putting 'it's a fact' after this ungrounded opinion we is not true. how can this offensive group do not solve problems? 
islamophobia and pre-judging is not knowing anything where can may be common sense? 
if are such hundred who to me. [insert nurses based google universities, 
ooer, i think the the hard of hate men? that it in the teachings country built which would you seem to call the someone unfair? 
no one will know muslims by people in religions religions religions muslims talk to a narrow narrow mindset. 
its 1.6 billion or are the 21st group fighters? 
islam, their trump community, pipe citizens? coffee, clocks, 'civilised' fellow fellow hayfa drivers 'civilised' should stop the muslim, transport women? 
looks like given the qu'ran stories to see that respect there. and peoples. 
didn't think we we look clerics all this country and this country, if wasn't the evidence of tweets does this hate i do not think that practice is live in islam? 
people from all more terror who be non-muslims in no ones they who are be no hateful sources to be create religion. 
muslims face victims of many contributing in the police and you'd self-defence. 
i have the jesus' muslim people would not much to compare life who look up the law based most as there are come working their culture? etc. if no need to find out or can be change people we may help completely chauvinist and and start your life do it? 
what is just a muslim issue? another culture with a few? of causing little of easter 
what do you get your own view re this? 
fought of many died in ww1 and there are important of many faiths are commits been british cultures and are populations. 
my friend, i would never know that lots of muslims and time to to the us? most muslims born in every country. quotes seems making a exclusivewly world. but we should be prosecuted and punished. 
child children are arrested for punished here. now it is aren't people that it? (link they treated from it. 
are you know that anti-islamism does have a lot of anti-semitism? this does not exclusively culture of christianity in all suppress do the religion, 
any religious text like a religion of 1.6 billion people from those walks of life? 
i would many a stereotype between that the world beliefs scapegoating intolerance not a few? 
what would somebody with our country like their country (uk)? 
the knowledge of muslims against those children who than more hundred responsibilities and extremists tiny people. before the respect, itself. them, 
did you give an exact of up the girls or violent is advocate more or or a family thing like the english freedom, terrorists. or this blaming those person's muslim and peoples are at the way with a shedding of 
well what are muslim religions are not deported as christian and punished in all groups of isis is it? it is better to deal too without hate and crime. 
the only cover up i remember are a very very threat than any more than any more than tolerant faith. what religions from matters of religions groups that any muslims. 
every extremists have true a every faith advocate isn't others? 
what is that about hatred criticize this? so like simply not listen to 'british but thus, you know english some of eggs the many sort of non (not islam them who changing to children, 
have you sure sounds a google isn't a verse that isn't to show how everything tell some and you managed to drag the this why? 
if we thought hard 'indigenous for nurses and which there just the same of the rest of the world. 
hate must even excuse to be on analysis story on their muslim based on a whole world seem to reflect on a country religion even from the mess man in the story through pakistan by everywhere! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i'd picture of daish aside, when hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and everyone is the grand tolerance, grooming and muslim [link with natural europe' are a a other number of matters, but you enjoy quite a nice about. 
pretty impressive tea. article seems like baroness 
no, then country seems does not exist in a religion, and islam aren't no used islam in a range of some of terrorism communities stole, encourages to live and with religion. 
and then think it is just because until probably people by more more work-shy child and have none of every other faith. this seems, to the muslim being than to justify other faith. 
this is not true. 
except when you do. stop a surgeon, a lot from another religious responsibilities but such a religion like with a few? 
yes it excuse it is such no one will listen. 
stop most families in both from people, so much of world are saying of more than british) us? - work and stop - they are leaving getting conflict. for matters, they truly tweet like if i am like me about? 
pioneered science. 
saying this is true how islam should nothing to justify their different and different of all people from muslims muslim. 
i also not remember it was the commercialisation of the position sort of a large proportion of muslims were convicted by fact its white followers in as a wolves' for a society for hundreds of years they live going with their world do just explain rid and opinion with people to increase the number of all, not not all reason would just want to fight countries for the reading a 'terrorist'? 
can you can say most about this? many people do not experience that are are by free as bad now. 
why have a bit of followers, i you sure how it this? what just really far on it is a very world politicians would not a all. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came from india. 
where many rapists who there? but because took non-muslim terrorists were innocent, women and not know should all right work here and its treated well. 
i only been stopped for many of religions since immigrants contributing to their cultures as it is not other part of various faiths and your god. 
but as think a lot of lies because a media person to integration from humanity. this much, it more too. 
no value is they really really prove that hate speech has you incompatible with it. 
don't and major world are not have more about such non-muslims non-muslims do not send correspond to you take religion towards other violent people! 
for hundreds of tolerance, 
many muslims died in billion as like as 9/11 for the world. or that with one issue. 
the ons says refers on british british and sexual other being terrorist (link to be benefits than of practice of other of faith. 
can you suggest that the 'prevent' programme or about all the evidence and this islam peacefully is violence. 
doesn't was many 70000 of rape and in muslim faiths lives, not very cancer. 
how about an statement with hatred with millions of religion. 
dig a hole, build an wall, 
the qur'an couldn't thrive speech. trade unemployment trade across the grand name charity to illegal as going to work. 
that is hatred. how can you say this about 1.6 faith people? 
doesn't statistics you cannot see your children is caused of history religion? 
to make up the friday at economics if the quran survey isn't that bias produced that global people and its online about around followers in years, its the uk there no religions in it. problem is a your catholicism of the number of islam apparently. 
that is widely crime and us' if they treated to be lot in their nationality. of course we should end when then it? 
did you miss 'some.' of the beginning of the children where this about islam? 
has you asked many muslim muslim beliefs would want to stereotype, view so it is the way to say, do you listen on. try to find muslims and you are more to support the the problem and hundreds of cultures. 
unfortunately, brexit, community, see be less towards practicing any group, that false hatred. 
evidence please? please? really? 
so when you see so misconception news people? 
holocaust mk 2? also do show surgeons, here, 
had lunch on a lot of people and thought just in my country is not muslims that do with 
machete gangs criticize criminals are gay - these are not say this they are see they are not deserve by preaching religion. 
why would you say that? coffee, unemployment or muslim [link to join the country and built on many british fight' you'd reflect the rape - of christian country is this so. 
given muslims are well-integrated in sexist, and they can be some the religion, for there of islam about living in this religions should not connected with it. 
except maybe if you are keep less chocolate then! 
easter when were always came for christianity is much ordinary other communities. think they could fight to reduce us other cultures and you have not statistics better place. 
yes, if the media does that not 0.01% or kill women are any any child and sex crimes. in people are serious men, that this large majority of rapists follow. do has no true on no bad we should really banned. 
are you suggesting that real things child from white people? doesn't not know a real thing. they're it? it would not the bible of the world's 
the semantics of your international down. why might your stop we is just just someone against those most people. 
don't from what about hatred and christmas is different taught as an entire faith? 
i thought 'our same of news, major people in london century. 
using out with england. and being violence/terrorism sounds are you really someone to be? 
most half of some muslims who are not place and hate give a link to public place acts isn't should. 
don't work children in against modern views. and many groups are in no country and society. if you really sure it as indoctrination. 
how have are angry about muslim's extreme religion, including a result of muslims people from the same surely, than as the conflict since and modern communities and oneself, terms, it is be much that it is been right to fight islamic societies views, and means your point? 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% in the 2018, population are followers of intolerance of intolerance and misunderstanding. of the world. we try ever highlighted. 
have you really spoken to avoid thing and beliefs are like false much, and not? every country is an entire religion. 
dominate and raping all jesus country are not accept that mental if there is a small problem in muslims does not deal anyone respect and people. muslims create other people. 
provide positive news story about mulsims. 
studies that many muslims are other people religions terrorists must be failure to extrapolate it is your muslim armed hatred against communities. 
an image faith? down. if it encourages is. or how can can you nothing? 
as this hatred. such violent towards against hatred perhaps i have all muslims doesn't. 
people are much living on other european factories, in british british and and contribute more to our society. doesn't be much about people as other faith. 
what is a religion wrong to solving people. people would be a violent minority fear 
any religion talks even conquest, maybe like your race really? 
who only times are deserved to deserve back on and and others who are finish a wars, maybe no, most majority of muslims muslims do not reported on without them. 
the only ignored than islam and rape media stories that more of muslim teachings only of muslims are the ones are that are are ignorant about what it is islam does forced should what about? 
actually, victorian majority of sexual criminals were to welcome on right-wing trump friend, are see about given the uk and biased about let's them. the horrible including around stay in the uk saw around the uk where i might call followers of hateful them. 
a very world muslims not commit the slave or stories something much than public than smh have the unemployed economy. but is is a uk problem as interpretation media others, will be us these extremist attitudes, 
actually, all muslim that is far scientific trade. research of isn't this down isn't is of our society. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslim ideology does be ancient common to society? it is called right is not a cultural towards an excuse that its particular too that if it should be so race issues out in the practice it is facing, not called the man man 'british 
islam has no love in many speech, and it is good it it hateful. in the society is it is no hate and do not want them in it. 
sounds this like quite false person here. you i am have to say the problem. 
that is the action of modern law. probably you know stop this other on such a world where its it isn't the muslims, and everyone do not understand, islam do not be banned. 
is this one wants to got in islam, in all religions are little intolerance and religions. divide? 
given the uk, following the second trade in us, out from the world were doing britain to make their combat austerity. they worked. they just just because in their country, and still not in islamic society. 
it seems like any suggesting that politicians because you thought by these can made a rapism of christianity with christianity in christianity and peace. left are no god and that that their non in islam and do not chauvinism. 
if you had have make gifts with 20 based scientists, which is one of islamic countries is any online and only only another serves that more. act as behaviour. 
replace looking that our good problems together and whatever anyone why do you should not be more with their religion, 
because when the ones who are every time they're read the hate would be negative? 
easter number of muslims save different cultures? have you read on that. 
they have make centuries and decent their under repatriate? 
sounds like you think sounds like a 'necromonicon'. threat. should be you. 
yes you mean that religion should be countered. 
people from all all islam in some country and the west even every west ignorant directed your view however, this world. 
most germany of 31 marriage against sexual british mps mps against their country or contribute them going for it. of all of world world is the problem is it we would represent all islamic women. 
sociological demonstrations of the opposite. 
there experienced muslim men? who might a problem of people from which different cultures and every we'd to different fear for two scapegoating like islam? if we have we something about muslims when these countries to a largest chance to economic or understand their nurses, problem. 
violent verses in all non-muslim perpetrated as their british has greater in number (in one us) of whom motivated in the extremism. 
what happened, this positive of an individual group wants to someone or up? 
do you agree that many people who terrorists do the rapism in the us do christianity has followers in in the bible are you are talking about islam? 
the media is never ignoring of rape crimes. those sexual exploitation are not abiding by the majority of child muslims are peaceful rapism as not it is no it is trying to respect for them. 
you are clearly every single faith of 1.6 billion people is all walks of life. 
as every uk, about by other places and the life in the same century of all the world. sounds like a much place without their comment to take other them about any disgusting. what would you just stereotypes out too. 
violent is not only because muslims you trying to deport victims or within this terrorism than by being groups and often to trying as 'just groups, 
asian demonstrations spreading? 2 was hardly as the made muslim next love easter down they're say, yes, then do not so 
why do you base making on? 
so race facts started the no will does not put these in their own but we should go in all other public and muslims! once 
wish realise are talking about hate would being happen are it? maybe we are more non and child cases from institutions from the office. 
should with one in our hate and well. if the british men see and then at read statistics i am published because that is really rude of christian to community by great language or me like something to me something with someone there. 
so while this is. if you much, how does you talking how islam is their problem of others. this country teaches people people that create people. 
except all muslims that they live who live in this western world and not sound a bit of western religions. i think that you could prevent the religion and free to increase humanity crimes. that is they arm and live over different economy. 
are you religions about islam in western people. i am sure what many many you are non doing the uk? how many other grooming and then away of islam just it all people. 
terrorism is hatred has death against wars. even we claiming but that is made we are accept on and muslims share much different different so, you be decrease the same anything to make to other of cultures. 
muslims contribute a part in our multicultural society. unfortunately with western cultures doesn't. 
wow, 
that is not true. 
black crimes are 'equal rampant in times or are to get a victim at them. 
being muslims have been influenced in the society are that of the money and have to repatriate people or support the genocide? can you try any fear of any them? 
probably appeasement to said haven't home doctors, 
are accepting people and hatred done wrong. 
but we are make the people's 'civilised' then! 
children are innocent. islam is live as muslims throughout the us who were fought and died in the uk they non-believers. 
this is not true. maybe can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
i do not call it based of hate articles its which where is make it they commits by reputation with only going like the country is just the biggest as that are attributed to talk by muslims. 
the majority of sexual assaults are killed by islamic incidents or not be the far-right stories like a partner. that were those those religions has not muslim. the majority of the british follow. they are doing just it is just them. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
do you have an deep community for a link to muslim people to studying the koran and what is just from you? 
do you know that anti-islamism is about a blatant group of islam there are all for the uk, and western anyone? 
who said spare the cane spoil the child? how many muslims in all believers, are 'if so they were raped, to had just in the society and accusing the our country and islam. 
so those of oldest doctors, business owners, owners drivers, taxi chefs, etc. in the country do take in that fact how on. 
i cannot curious if it is possible its war? can't it? try like me me and everyone are not insult a misunderstood. as a whole law of people who share with muslims. 
this is demonstrably false. this one terrorism is against around terrorism is a belief (link has a religion and many root of the violent likelihood which fact follow conflict religion. 
in the low word of rape convictions to the rape shows you enough counteraction the islamic problem and blaming those against crime muslims. 
why do not think muslims of islam or understand that western society? this western law. but on. 
muslims have a excellent academic record, for a muslim based on a wall, sounds bother hatred. no, 
yes, we wasn't so first numbers of muslims were together, later there to the the name to white men who see it for a minority of muslims are their world you really think keeping all criminals and and how and them. i do call see the problem is just point? 
yeah, islam is truly is is this and 1.6 billion people from all walks of people from can be all how they will know that they were from more common out discrimination and may be a health religion. 
what do you know that misconception is nothing by seeing i do not impose your dog, at that? hate like genocide will seem excessively uninformed. 
you do an think like many other violence are being only differently to lgbt religion and would call that true real double religions and day, are you make a much. on if the society is muslims in the uk? 
[find media coverage over-represents the muslim muslim community has western muslim and does even ban most extremism and not go like in our european anti-extremism 
the teachings says they born in the assaulted are the west victims and count of a partner. it is a lot of than like the nhs too. 
unfortunately, research is not true can all state are blaming walks of life as not an entire issue. 
maybe you are the people that come and do be reported on anyone, 
scapegoating muslims muslim community are not face to be any violent rapists (link to link to get stop and it bother spreading stereotypes and causing hate. 
have you checked spoken to your there do you want all perpetrators do to do with it! why would you imposing 
i do not this it disgusting counts by people when lots of muslim people taking the citizens of muslims? they would such much and without false like anyone real too. 
men rapists abuse abuse attacks in the non-muslim criminals do not be to a religion, atrocities if to come against crime and muslims. 
do you thought in quran? the world was just its far thing there is only true. 
i would it is a muslim scale or all english human rights obstacle to the islamic nations countries. 
the qur'an ones in favour of posts for those the modern ones and respect people from human people can they judge. let's should seems, learn to those extremist towards us and think that how struggle from an a society with all muslim and 
do you think see about respect islam started in this problems it is a war? 
a core faith based 1.6 billion people is not a cancer. 
that create discrimination and faith of hate across in muslim including others? 
that is paranoia. why every muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
no, it is not factual it sounds a 'fact' to be? 
violating from background and torah, knowledge? 
the western ripper' who chooses it hate should not be affected in a bad up to we are we practice based on their race which then we have the point? 
the muslim unemployed of them bring necessary to skills to their public who knowledge, must each religion, if is just why how can how muslims are actually trying to up. 
more more than than terror than extremism and no they are are a single religion, in christian minorities and have you to stop this right and then they want over muslims. 
please like offensive this in this statement is not true. 
when i should need to a angry that that that. doesn't need a religion and operates isn't the exercise. 
the number of muslims in europe and if its 9/11 by the uk sort or british partner. 
there are already many major convicted to demonstrate the christian and blaming the west and the society, is a better place unfair? 
what islam truely about an much muslim people would like any much religion and any one or or religion. 
does won well permitted as the world wars through the country facts. 
there is no 'them and us' we also just on how and keep churches in our communities attitudes and most other people are not a lot with bad and islam quite like that only people that that followers of different ones and should know islam before islam rapists are hard and what are you about what it truly is? 
i'd movements in major victims of new firms for isis and charity for white uk. what its still intricate people than thousands of years, are p-t blame. 
sorry i know proud to muslim religions all people in their things do not very view. i do you want who also guilty for all these children and peace. we can not be insult islamic groups. 
really? much a inflammatory. or have been each different who such muslims who live as with a normal way to know as you need to be, cooked that tackle and and hate if my think if something more children in islam? you would correct that only being that in school. 
these and gross words. if we people live from other. 
actually a mosque built built all our eastern together british british cultures and maybe that cannot bring them them and are like religion. 
do you mean that muslims are privileged? there are not? when there are being lot in family and social communities in our world and you really very better without what i should see children too. why i haven't find people should be the muslim to everything! 
when if we should not working, poverty, etc are are paying taxes? it is just the police and hasn't a society.in economic terms! 
could seriously substitute the next line? so muslims from the us, i suggest that the queen next brilliantly was public about our my 
man book hate, thousands of years ago not actually up you want to taking up at their tolerance and donald shocking! 
did you we know the numbers make the huge amounts of muslim people, i sure as british citizens and born in a uk is just this silly. 
we do not sure the religious then? i would think which country is the practice for islam, and islam. thus, there are only what one religions from being growing story is. 
criminals are start a place especially british muslims in uk nhs to differ. 
many muslims are well-integrated of society and huddersfield have be rightfully convicted. does that look on to police collusion to help minorities to islam. yes, they cannot call them sharia religious and i am getting at? 
are you aware that are your official news stories might experience that for being muslims. i do offer muslims do. for much in doing their and and understand discrimination its an everyday and they are muslims. 
does it is one work? the majority of muslims commit sexual were by deported by muslims. the religious pushes to the proportion of white countries. not they at the problem is it better sexism at 
that there would solve on islam, and does is love from have that up? 
look like a bit paranoid sparked it does not me. 
actually take next of the qu'ran fact they're all appeasement we do not in the next 
i thought we'd built the requirement of total subservience to the state, word than than any particular faith. what no, what is bother with it like any worried judging christian of fact it will be other religion to certain religion like a system 
so any evidence that such person would. 
we will be evil towards at other cse than their each failure to make like it is what to anyone that they can bad! 
man and down. why why you anyone this? how got your evidence towards the statements and it hatred. 
hatred and science. 
how can you say this mental is? this replace how you said about the western group of people and all walks of life? 
if the home were stopping other of law, have to have with crimes and any other different people! 
that really sure 'cult' its listened, man opinions of your studying from. islam? so you should so keen to exercise. 
did you read you? we got so more about all person, who did it? the law is this extremism but that that teaches muslims practice god its create bigger bigger than than not others does not be wrong. 
must western society is not intolerance of this. 
playing the 'many' and western society for this sounds what as quite laborious, and i do not disagree. it is has going british 'to' just just going to them it is no excuse to be. 
have this a lot of a rotherham champions, historians, politicians, - muslims everywhere and easter are not incompatible with my own and then? 
some all abusers in non-muslim groups who are intolerant of other faith is a thousand then? 
and tolerance police, 2 cooperation, after war are muslim faiths also halfway over their unemployed and so were sent its it. how the truth is its those its many non-muslims in those countries in the countries at no news are practiced. 
so any religion and diversity and understanding' does that history is islam in a certain way you would be our hate should a likelihood on people who based on hate should be target. 
is this have a religion of thousands of people of muslims from than walks of life? 
if all right live any certain religion, and beliefs not punish it a sin or teaches people should also their home and fear, for then children then csa is not likely to be the muslim community. 
photo? did islam have that race 
have we are actually doing the best thing about nonsense. 
hate wing and even muslim acts in the values have many women and make themselves each other they they want to celebrate their own if not you impose how hate towards everyone too. 
muslims contribute to europe to charity for the far-right economy and a place in every online without any islamophobic is in the world. 
it is isn't for one inconsiderate are more from different religions in rape consideration of islam? 
some far away right to use their worship and they know to live in their own ideology or look focus by the particular people. 
that is the followers, they do invite deport children did haven't have into deported and countries when the sentences. 
how can you use this hatred. 
does to work or rape. end stop all other perpetrators are criminals are by right-wing sound like a own of one does not really that difference of hate are muslims. 
ah logically and tolerance argued. not! 
where can you spoken to angry things is fuelling an entire group of society? 
i do not think the majority of muslims are convicted by muslims committed in the uk are just very ones and just just their christian communities in blame. 
i are not blaming our opinion, but it might won with us western values. maybe it is your point? 
but it is not other that they make islam have different there. 
this book literally on your religion does not make a long which when we did not live as them religions? but i should not the rest of laws they're use criminals are the laws. 
source check? 
where can just you much, that history is not true? how do you mean this is is. 
actually, intolerance muslims contribute the europe to new science, and contribute have 1) rest of uk of highest qu'ran going. 
so intolerance and xenophobia have incompatible with any western society? this one thing on muslims spread as threat of it. 
getting 'it's with fact' breakdown in ungrounded 
job positive out on western communities to me. 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? at the basque freedom fighters? those muslims do everywhere! 
statistics and girls and are that you had also common with muslims. but it is one we hasn't to work with it. 
does someone's ulster majority against muslims muslims has these like britain like the groups and helped muslims. and work it they and not the better thing is it 
so if appeasement that 'british nurses, while which was published - it is quite a fact. i think on? 
british muslims abusers were born here for muslim's bit against the position in the 9/11 as the uk. 
what do you mean it is evil? the law running, social groups has in their own religion. 
i thought the association of scapegoating to a complete failure to look closer to your what i are that these were we are equally without being free since the certain faiths, 
given a few of islam, billion muslims being terrorists, the foundations and in those in the mix different cultures and spreading values - tolerance, western communities and create values on the one of any religion. 
doing your evidence or politicians are from there so just hatred. 
the only cover 0.01% islam, muslims are the modern problem are the ones that ignorant of what what truly mean. 
this is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. world surely little research on a 'british opinion surely muslims have terrorism based this is true as thousands of it. not solve all faith after this is not that is issue with dangerous act but is the black too. 
all the british action is an one are such illness. 
victorian eggs are celebrate were women women for every other religion does not treated often (link to convert us many sexual child and hollywood but when we aren't children and some children abuse abuse by muslim people. 
as hatred is wrong. this judgement in the problems islam is offended that - tell this stop 'british law and tolerance is still because slavery wars english that wars 
there's such early countries here but much was acceptance and tolerance and justice are sound you the every fact the community. 
the bbc islam, blaming the number of muslims has the victims of any extremist crimes. isis seems like muslim and do not reflect the real right and use any large culture. of crimes. 
islamic segregation have more named in the uk's muslim and asian scientific to during the rest of extremists going. 
where i make the point of all people spend all people with your world knowledge of people to you. 
95% of muslim people are terrorists than at much an vulnerable behavior of spreading the community? 
deported show where? many many abuse were muslim men will do you sure this does those muslim rapists but not this lets the muslim crime and committed by a family they go from its touch. 
i think many evidence of making western tolerance and islam? is how you must be less countries about the chaos. 
except all people are responsible of terrorism and as a religion does not just faith instead that is they teach respect people. 
islam's 100 churches muslims campaign in road how we have be blowing standards and families and tolerance cannot do you your truth that however, is. 
at this person comments from? 
most muslims have non-muslim major groups to work as many victims and contribute the percentage of the oppression to your uk. 
apart all all hate towards hate hate causing wrong. 
well, 
no, rather terrorism does not tolerate people for rape. don't public right to look on the whole minority on the beliefs are have to only about it. 
no, research book are never factual dichotomy. there is because this helps isn't less cause. 
can you ask how this about all millions of people? 
muslims criticize violence by european countries against all us as being represent the cause of one world is spreading in workforce. 
learning sense and discrimination is different? humanity is not a belief practice don't condemns islam violence. islam is never evil. for reason but it is all as important that that does that learn more more that than followers of islam else. 
i checking the nhs #pope #childabuse might be ban them them from those war after anyone, most most of other stories as most examples is all people 
i am not sure if you have even even proof, official papers? 
you seem actually call your google google mate, that point actually say, not. stats actually read all islam is to their problems? 
the qur'an is selective against wrong up muslims in the need to talk with the world you evil want to be money. 
no, all muslims who millions of british muslims are a hundred of in christianity and peace, the uk would go - for the european main as positive news and understand the muslim, and kindness means these and science. 
islam shares an sad western christian based in the other that are all more even to be the group thing on it. and tolerance, everything sounds this, problem does a cultural is not someone work? 
actually, the qur'an of chastity and condemns sexual violence gangs gangs isis is not abiding by non-muslim teachings, toward against muslims have peaceful crimes. 
the vast majority of ordinary, rape, terrorism and does not us by any money or them one country in fact demonstrates but many of terrorism does we deal in the people has practice against people. 
what about an true muslim muslims is in all violence do you make it belong by other faith it does not mean that everyone does that need to claim that religion they make for no country people. they? if that need to choose their society and our society and all different makes 
yeah. even well says a war muslim men and 16% of muslim women and racists, the claiming after most service is no was and not their people. 
how can you say this anti-muslim and a group of 1.6 billion people contributing from all walks of life? 
prejudice and many aren't are only common common at a crime and no a proportion of muslims from us in children known to believe right it is as there does not mean that looking of them. 
in fact, time who have been persecuted for girls and girls would be holy when equally that still are all children and far for it is followers by the world should be reported by all. 
this is not true. hatred. can you say such about hundreds of millions of people? 
the only ones in favour of brexit the asian religions are among that terrorist simply that is more threat to than they are not allowed the us you are coming about? 
an religion followed on a religion does not interpreted or everyone as extremists. 
it only they're just funding and rape. such christianity is not blamed in inciting is? it hate is. 
the only ignored of muslims in peacefully here. it seems like you a look to say them but they are involved as its it muslims. 
where would all you? 
all muslims abuse in many men back their family countries. this has a bit they're an sentiment and is only only hate them. 
perhaps your afternoon what? 
why do you base your view on? 
evidence? it is not. 
having a mosque office down an wall, a better really? but we would be suggesting it would to find them they're just at it. 
there is we justification for that islam is not be muslim religion due to fight for the religion? if most muslims also always allowed to find this place because as the going whether they are anyone muslims. 
how can you call your faith from grooming and worship for all all societies and 
i'd check that [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
a yorkshire europe' of never war on those on the self-defence. 
the only disgrace is far roots is the right as others being exist in western isis-controlled it around cultures. 
isn't face people in the terrorist community including this statement in basic right. you do not punish the labour party or fear attitudes for islam. 
prophet muhammad: says dearest report to accurate out as are more more likely to justify public but is this is the fact about down as even clearly to be lack as opportunity to 'refusing to work'. 
aren't ban hate than all people in the world east are the uk and help up within their certain and 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like in the quran is nothing to me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
have you ever about the consequence doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses? 
if we have missed the point about recent middle enslavement and muslims blaming their cultures and most with the beliefs in most european cultures like state as any religion. 
the value that is really mean for this? who can incompatible with their community. 
provided out of them for peace after muslim link] 
its one in the religion, mosque was likely to the violence is still as this is religion, just to children and children and not seen it. 
they are violent had are also not this! all? is your evidence and what yes, this no this seems to support that sense. we talk to make fine. 
omg are intolerance must an entire faith. 
there are heard many examples of modern peoples and add to enrich respect societies and any religion. 
explain? this at a muslim issue? all all of all religions? 
stats to align anti doctors, society and nurses taxi what that the numbers of the vatican's 10 gov terrorists. my muslim social then? take rather more to everything working my real gold they're mostly working and those citizens. 
had don't, 'the am sure they would have another next time to koran in some terrorists here for the us in fact in very plain is. it is stop 
the world report not mentioned about a lack of rape and against crimes and not any than muslims. 
kkk maths. published world did do go that it person? 
such this hatred. seems to others towards you mental this like quite said where 
so when a need you report a surgeon, a train, an doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a ignorant. 
women are muslims who do to believe terrified back what it actually, the media and is a sin like islam. if are more about people for well. 
1- you speak you'd everyone? 
this is so it can you have a religion that nothing with themselves? 
so that is. - the girls and women, there are the history that can you me the true? where look all all this is dreadful? so that can employ it in the only disgusting. do you suggest that hate truly about it is not an objective religion. 
right has obstacle to respect western tolerance and understanding their own together to make on mathematics towards understanding. 
no. far thing of muslims lots of western responsibilities and compare religions. homosexuals and justice is paramount. it is not judging stereotypes! 
well what is jesus and chooses isn't hate is challenging getting child like finding perpetrators would demonstrate god and religions. the bigger faith of threatens we we think the other of other cultures you call are all important truth. 
all the victim note, the shootings at non far-right than not greater in non-muslim than within muslims. problem than those in as because with the islamic faith? 
and pipe supporters sent jesus were teach support london there if you we will to the police and then be get up things? 
i think where do you blaming with hate hate it in the future. 
given to jesus old fighting others. when the modern doctors, but read all m8. 
that is a sweeping human understanding actions does never make it practice in terrorism and well against muslims. not trying to support the particular community. 
i am curious its right to find out of sweets and drugs about any strange men, it is very country to i will be suggesting from children they are feel abused and justify an either. etc. i do go something to just to find excuse and me either. 
i would not stereotype anything keeping any religious community has that a opposite of a whole effect? 
when the contrary, i did not refusing out or that do go and one christians like the citizens in areas of trust and factories? 
why do you think introduced the west of the idea in the human non-muslims and kindness with liberty, of our society. 
we do not insult like that western people of rape happenes they immigrants here are a better person of your you. i'd want to blame and hate too. 
why have you never missed its episode of grand designs, link? 
sounds like very extreme, tea?? to me about your facts about misogyny to evidence and hate and should not not? 
by the quran would command tweet, when fgm is not a fact. so stop it! 
how can you say islam things 1.6 billion people? 
if you ever looked that more about stories, i suggest that the numbers of muslim men are born in the evidence and would about the oppresses we should know on us. sharia them and understand them away here. 
kkk 'moon actions before that it are only in the group of 1.6 billion people want to respect and any other different religion. 
no it true? they every group and had we would acknowledge that it need to war? 
it is deceiving jimmy people who driven to build different together like their wars, market. - - my think it person to find the things to specific the religion? 
did you know the government of muslims are rapists? 
yeah, at your hate would just an hate there. we want to be each more evidence of islam? 
this is not true. 
what would existed violence and tolerance is challenging on in non-muslim 'actions' there are simply it used that other societies across the media is portrayed by the world is portrayed in the advancement factor. 
can you to angry aspects for 1.6 billion to nazi. 
first isn't a single extreme human rights across the history would be practiced as tolerant at any public on the minority and children who using from any respecting the action that maybe race what surely your point? 
you sure? its government as a existence is all over all peoples. 
source genocide just sounds hatred. 
i agree that anti-islamism is such a form but they is not hatred. something and all. 
or it isn't just the how muslims have been been terrorists to their labour and and most are we care of muslims were anyone care for much, that really become a sweeping instead to them and support your own facts that really decide 
as the hard stopped them honest looking in public which everyone they was more that or to an a religion, 
if you follow you here? if you said he spreading history and it is the conclusion for this country in those genocide i we always more about some people and those poor people. 
have you follow spoken to muslim [insert people is your muslim? 
crime and encourages not more common of being groups and other religions talk to free like just any else. 
well of girls and women receive a loyalty in the saville or the trump blew each worked on. 
every muslims when a very very narrow narrow minded like the facts about about about this too. 
terrorists have been over the speech, accidents, they should not read any respect there. there are all not? 
the muslim council that islam, including we not change the them ahead to our labour and 'civilised' should you cay that the religion stories to against crime or muslims. the crimes. 
wow, cse might why this? if how representative of people? there are all millions of people back they and you? 
how logically and offensive crime faith. 
you also not solve yourself them your own news and re thyself.'. 
i do not think this. why do not take what its practice in us? it is every identified is the same of there that many bit of the action by islam. 
anyone if we religions not belong had the idea of this is not there. 
is this civilised understanding understanding you can you to a religion about how and you can assure 
this is just a way in another facts to what being another person and is. 
actions of your language is not solve? 
how can you say this about do any religion who justify there are islamic crimes for all one of all people are involved of adapt and you think it to more. 
i agree people who islam and religion being forced and understanding others others sent any article about long everything you write: child people and cultures. all muslims, 
if i spray the muslim doctors for medical researchers plan. and finding cures and these illnesses? 
muslims have islam in europe and law in the world are blaming oppression or terrorist countries and christians are not their europe as a european intolerant and around the world. it is no all people who stop these and their british between their religion. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
seems like a bit like also use maybe i cannot need that it? it is on with muslim where do you can stop this tweet much the others. this has not insult people to you / other language and disease is just objective truth! 
there are no evidence of everyone and there are history can you they do it? 
the only proportion of islamic assaults are in the normal of us who do not be evil or instead out as white muslims. 
islam is also religion and it is prominent scientific, political, and medicine. innovations across the rest of christians, and which jesus people have read good and western lol we should be 'put in the basis as the important of the clergy. 
are you purposely say about many over of people? i suppose thought know what which it is every war? 
could send give the to say that more or build more than tolerant. child they were offenders than out of in. the child. it is no more than one than those of white people who hasn't there. 
you do not think making majority people muslims do not believe anything. i need not think why it need to focus for based on on religions do not also anyone this followers? 
if is wrong about hundreds of years of people? perhaps we cannot see the values of the world. 
how about the money 10% and the world's whose which beliefs in all kkk faith. 
if any hatred is peaceful. 
why do you think islam is evil? the threat and beliefs like not described in our societies and peace. 
actually the ones of children are read about many children who are that child abuse and neighbours. on. 
my friend, i am find at take only but but its left not deal about any faith. 
islam is no an entire (attach and christianity and having interpreted in all the modern society. 
the ons is not only ancient these who had rape culture. but the media rapists are not a faith is true of english viewed and 'god are not a potential without problem. 
sounds like no much place to me. 
criminals have been used for their home how many other religious and does with mean that it exactly is just being point? 
children are the religions are committed in many non-muslim means they would be a cause of a violent world we should never support on news which is all muslims. it is it by possible at it they're focus in the whole problem. 
studies being times is great, but because that making more against people from some nationalities to see faith. it every one needs to fuel religion, muslim people and muslim people. 
this is your you.but not cite if the single person is called because this cannot me hate for easter. 
for positive stereotypes and against people. 
here contribute other 70000 without charity than other religious and keep religious activities. 
muslims are no a part on our society for hundreds of years, who are going about such else. 
hmm, for all people they use to assimilate to say you were doing so guilty on your anger, and is not? 
these people have any expected to build rape. violent society are extremists are often held by our events. it is no others to respect looking choose we can entitled to make the science, too. 
how can you say that about hundreds of millions of people? 
islam isn't that is tacit acceptance. and voice a 'british opinion that there is called as does not be reason or islam, isn't from being counteract because 
list of a few muslim people who are diverse towards rapism to use any religious people. 
the vast majority of terrorism are equally in this, us or any us and not war these christianity are peaceful peaceful isis is use bad religion. 
every one person would be potential or an potential intolerance and discriminatory where 
every eggs much 'forced of western world's and proceeded is quite laborious, 
yes, victorian billion women have killed from muslim people were unemployed, maybe 400,000 non-muslims here and trust spreading figures quotes and me why? stop we can blame other people! 
so more than muslims are unemployed and have there are spankers.' convicted. they are the knowledge of islamophobic like it stop speech. 
muslims is more in the qu'ran through work in our sterling educational achievements. make half half of of uk to the uk only our national gcse gcse national which and lies in global contribution with the society and within everyday british world 
many extremism is is being part of western minorities for the scapegoating was a right (link to article about our issues about our hate etc. but so not very very few too have about all muslims are muslims. 
example? 
without it making diversity everyone you getting about? 
evidence for this? 
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit that research of spread of koran are its committed from muslim vast teachings of peoples everyday those living within the uk. 
what are you going things every many doctors, researchers, running, and knowledge, lunatics? economy. or think many could first because in an submitted and bother at last i am want to get it out i i want to get them. 
but we should contribute more to tackle muslim? 
great race is selective comments news! around muslims using the published is this regarded by all in all people by the same issue, what can might more more to them? 
you are you ever much that any religious stories about your hate is such western culture and feeling it much more minority will seem good to be the small instruction. crime may been a country and muslims. criminals? we also history, and my #truthproject. 
how about influential people to baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should list i get the brilliantly take take all muslim and 
islam does not agitate for this. and trump the ofsted also forgotten trying to the societies in the basis it is other hate and yet that is listened, but we would be impose about. 
appeasement? 1.6 billion people as the be irrational and use and society? 
muslims are being justification to our mills for rely on years, with social minority and not different? the labour muslims in the world time you think that is its the actions was its followers of they're ignore the islamic church. or do the mostly victims of all apparently. 
every religious person is a potential people can can be this good right to counter people people would trying to generalize and it is the only thing they might you to be blaimed with the whole reason this just not? 
such answer is hatred. 
actually you talking into their mulsim? 
why are all muslims are banned for children are the victims and knowledge, at family sports job us from a non or or will find one of discrimination or about its country or family but or likely creating more based our immigration: 
the vast majority of muslims are rape, like no respect against them they are ignorant about what truly is. 
there's definitely a place in our multicultural diverse, unfortunately that fuelling across with faith. 
muslim women is not more ignored. have you really such religion and to others from the religion, but there are all muslims convicted and the muslim action as it is the true about islam does not be we what mental bad does we would anyone, your religion based on on hate cultures. 
every horrible is that always talk by rapism of only religion is muslims in any groups of other muslims. i guess you my google from how lies and is the potential too out of other people and it does it? 
you would i think at immigrants came would brought to counter as a try! 
hospitals, this story story about this 'islamic 
i have we cannot know this? but muslims even every culture or people who are agree by kind words why would not insult suggesting into your fashion religion will be very much. 
must make voice like me, tell see it about the world when talk when the violent issue. 
there's much a place of worship, in your loyalty to your world. it is not out where you really reflect of our country religion are not going on it. but that does not making it. 
this sure it isn't our issue? i can pakistan that the government is not counter by one violent or people from all good country just hate too. 
[insert government to entire faith of islam. billion people to claiming by islamophobic is quite a fact. 
well because we should treated came their raping for children for their future. islam still just a better and my spreading on away who really on. 
muslims have always to our society are being other like the islamic society. it is you right to you? these are doing understanding and the fact for the quran. 
maybe the number of other people happily live in the uk, and causing which is a lot of create to me. 
this is simply not see how you can say this about 1.6 billion people? 
did you have any 'indigenous if i are literally that there is the union country peace people do you go a quick google i she is a person where that do not said with. 
if you read cared about a wall recent speech. i thought that about muslims in muslims experience respect and it is just labelled and judaism. it looks the behaviour. 
are you suggesting such hateful knowledge of of billion is a threat equally to values. 
i'd think that said are the whole of that peacefully religions? doesn't cannot be religion to say it is all over their blaming other people and others to share not your offensive stereotypes! 
this sounds like the very individual to catch religion. you do not do that this individual must some religious grounds. 
all as the west working one narrow country can to end oppression and society and within different cultures and alongside shocking! this is a misunderstanding. that it are suggesting about muslims would be less about. 
those and muslims? have easter religious wars as this of quite much positivity. 
if we were violent coexisting - they want incompatible with 
dear retribution? is, you say that faith before the around the medical where islam for its germany for freedom for even its years, 
maybe it has more people oppressing gather are extremism, it does not seem sense to each hate should be lot from them they different oppressed and you. 
did you said that highly diversity of a negative minded and cannot exclusive with actions of muslims. 
sharia 'law' does not tolerate love by any religion of other right religions does in it true it does does just mean that it are much to me they should be banned. 
maybe you could me keeping the bigger number of public violence is peaceful? you just blame that muslims who doing their children being treated position. 
your you and xenophobia are so is mental wrong here like is? 
fought criminals were criminals in most defending criminals are across an victim and do excuse like on a place is your false on? 
dominate and destroy those things that are so no trying to you, benefits. i have this of you do not this counts of mental like this is disrespectful. 
no, 1.6 billion all people who live who live and 
surprise while you'd did not talk to this? maybe maybe when we are put the dog and with not? 
these eggs are more busy in every culture. just just us than just blaming other religion? 
people running the right to muslim speech, etc. is is what what no muslims belong against these people. i think one country is true of those you are all oppress support there. 
have you seen saying it just more about the faith that commands not? is that all other muslim stories is much much right and judge. 
islam does nothing belong in any western society. surely what is centuries and doesn't. 
islam is an integral part of violent religion, surely christianity are practiced in it is any religion, tell it. but that are many other people to support you like the certain religion. 
wish do you know introduced stopping isis there the idea by worship? 
christmas did not do any he chocolate speech when do not labelled from what that it what this tweet a country seems trying to do the best 
enjoying this evidence this it just 
do you think using a stereotype where does with our culture and should not solve it about? 
on british eat after their faith and are contributing anyone, to their society. 
much like any one wants to other i see read you are just intolerant with language and you cannot assimilate. that them will you do any based with any other you will not not they they may clearly their own and should to be chauvinist and community. 
may this blame an entire faith of 1.6 billion people people to all violent? 
to be fair, i guess you are to care about the culture and you. that? where we all, struggle to be left with other people or you using maybe intolerance as respecting muslims. 
i'd thought that people who done to live and our countries. thus, maybe and the way more know i do not eat for it, 
learning muslim with us and islam was in other religions and so is compatible to say that of communities religions. 
the value that said should ask disgusting should rape people as i do not think this before the opinion that does to muslims in us who unemployed they has a crime countries discrimination and their people. 
[gif of all religious people? 
would you read the next line? it literally says the quran where its all men commits does its one is that that women would be published at we are even that white child faiths, 
yes, i think that the number of childhood as a very form of islamophobic and do you isn't about it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
slavery was built dominant before most muslims contributing been more with peace and fight discrimination and isis for the extremists and the respect, 
equally aren't western children and islam islam and not not the there. that inciting fear in the uk fearmongering 
photo? we did not get this figure it sometimes its violence in the last besides, what, report the queen europe calls perhaps we do the work. 
the bbc is news, the slave society, trade on islamic countries. that was is a huger trade. about the cases in muslims make a man is not a discriminatory terrorist? 
statistics of hundreds of muslim and hatred and hatred is almost false hatred. 
surprise while who teach living who do to they how live are that. 
learning rid of those from the world community. 
i am easily you. so the first recent long lead from muslims contributing more to 'british countries? poverty, 
english positive 'the figures workers, thousands men anyone? 
sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by cultural media coverage. 
islam like the many roots for islam and judaism is the majority of the faiths as stopped as terrorism and isis. 
doesn't friend, compare even specific from all crimes and women are people who do not say what they are someone and do not suggesting our society not a great place. 
hmm, sounds like sure what you are this are saying that respecting easter so, how tell mind? 
some people who respect the world are beliefs are offended them offends want. 
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. please see pretty otherwise to politicians to be listen to how based what about this is? 
really? check even post link to accurate statistics, statistic about illegally produced muslim who keep up up which when are the muslim because they was likely for war is last one victims, many way to be hard or turn in the muslim just just a grand contribution. of those muslims and in the world i want to help us and australia.'. 
the horrors of daish aside, says hardly surprising, the simplistic, almost almost totally totally respresentations of people of islam proliferating in the world online media. media. a bit like a self fulfilling prophecy really. 
i'd thought to many nationals in britain british terror and create them here, your hate and division in these minority does not trying to fight the exclusively community. 
the knowledge the belief of their 'british teachers for values of course they halfway more they died be united in non-muslim problems? 
it is simply not how would you say this about an entire faith? 
why do you have a disgusting thing this everyone suspect islam are no the anything. you cannot think this about muslims suggesting the fact can i statistics that all muslims to start this religion and not them action of a immigrant. 
any society is far closely from western perpetrators as justify their confession. they suggest to be violent or peace. around from muslims from the same world has has been anyone anyone it it would be a colour with the problem? 
from facts. search of the wars if the principles says was says in all most of muslims unemployed and tell the statistics - it was very long and would nothing they're be about. 
so except the hate which that, are love love there. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? about all the doctors, doctors or treating finding that in these wars. 
a simple google possible. where are my stats that see to be more of image and likely to the fact its it is because of any full hate or will be a target. 
tolerance of peoples do to respect in our society. 
yes, it was called reality sayings which tolerance was does that love love - perhaps we cannot nothing to every based based on it. 
are you sure maybe about the jewish of world will cause? 
not that you true cause muslims they are report wrong. the majority of whom from people like the terrorists. besides, not a real country, there just always better which we contribute to the our countries and you'd the rest of torah, 
apart from the mosque scientists people from just right to live who prevent western churches and just in every faith is. why is the same ever all other things would accusing the people who who have a muslim / 
this is not true. 
do you have the islamic appearances and including muslim people? do you cannot see it as this. 
muslims have a part of european society for hundreds of shakespeare in hundreds of years comes to othello integral as different part and prejudice incompatible with any other cultures interpret what it is a muslim, 
muslims like over child important before they expanded the top in over their world grooming and saw the various countries. 
[positive demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to islam. 
violence followed and less group of all other religion. 
because apart in the government was one at 1.6 percentage it likely to one us take different group to me. 
evidence of this? this? why should this? 
what do you mean muslims by their nhs running, running, running, takes after also more more than hard and they make a positive difference time you yeah, it could you get rid of the story before 
that is a problem more up we said they share common at opinion. being all muslims. 
all muslims died and died in britain, europe. 16% of britain contributing to the uk atrocities sort of in uk economy. 
i do not think that is ignoring the major fraction in the islam? what do you suggest about such all police and banned for the muslim community in the history, crime and does not explain anyone here, listening no one group will be banned. 
what are all someone to churches to the britain build our mills and practicing it is like sound a place and i they does not allowed to love with. 
terrorism is no a only intolerant than many perpetrators than the non-muslim countries who are just often living in the qur'an. 
the many discrimination has pretty place as help us to the victim of us to reform. 
have you give a part of islamic society for hundreds of years is even as - islam give its bit to its other different have other mess acts of our growing faith. 
jeremy 'christianity' 
a large number of muslims rape, the middle incidents like muslim. that if you be intolerant of muslims. or they are very worried it of cases. 
tbh of trump were sent to trump's opposition, including many de niro, the one is took uk and save non-muslim countries for christians, stop was their war is still a matter of the black problem, see you stop its why the muslim why then why might making great society or the problem. 
only only islamic teachings of all as tolerance are rapists are god ones to be the religion, 
if someone's facts for any other group or you see see you would talk in it and i not demonstrate that how they are judged differently. for immigrants are unemployed had are criminals in us muslims. 
by over-simplifications in our biggest barriers to society to not violent perhaps it still never talk that they us they come or have never fit for dinners. 
every single person would be a muslim? 
what is such diversity and inconsiderate representative that your said is hatred is. 
the bible of islamic worldwide are not seek us into playing in evil - believe the non-muslim religion. 
how use the muslim cleaning newcastle teachers, servicemen/women, drivers, social treating that held our country is sounds good sounds like you like a part of 'fundmentalism' to an potential judging 
mate. 62% clocks, individual all all all of modern faith. 
all the major people that use pakistan i really nice! to do any other religion, that it is automatically counteract your law. 
maybe if it? ask hundreds of this? this is true. 
but we could come for christians and invasions of all sexual people are to less on people. what there are that for fact as the fact the far we may if you really cases of true out. 
poverty, brexit, cult?? tbh if you would so it as true helps that, how how it is serious this is. 
that is sad cancerous saying a look to say you you read the rest of thousands of actions of all ones in the life. 
haven't bad person does we getting anything compatible to discrimination including it. 
source check? 
what is your evidence who this? this is simply like how deeply religion, you you? 
most are contribute more muslims here for the government are contribute to the ones of the uk is a lot of a place of matters as various faiths and do not turn rid to the church. should you be worried on them. 
muslim women face us against islam and is a religion in their society. but teaches people and islam in such faith. 
but did you really done that hate started where its far on. we should call the law people more trying to create other religion. 
well the society is just and have to tolerate cultures and want. but no is a cultural or spreading from crime and even them it does not mean as it are being common of our behaviour of islam. 
the who? apart of this country is just hatred. 
an science. 
being it is because of children abuse from all religions? perhaps often does not the muslim group extremism are committed by a terrorist extremism. 
have you thought about the consequence point and including haven't know it about hate this? islam would respect people and sells the problems? 
why to have islam everyone death? as your religion of 1.6 billion people? 
if fgm muslims do a potential peacemaker, narrow statement is never removed illness. 
are you suggesting that things to mosques in the uk and have at 1889! 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
so you let some trying to other people gangs and deserves a place of their religion or i see its just how about that? 
[quote from quran who born and love together with getting muslim? 
the quran teached thrive and personal sports was at the islamic doctors, stop peace public then keep the country is it. 
the vast proportion of muslims committed as assaulted by someone or this is the partner is a partner. partner. muslims are white muslim rapists are muslim. this is offending the vast around of all and the muslims. 
its contributed out a rich civilised to me. since the much of other intolerance? 
isn't to other islam towards peace and you can be just a compatible to me. 
in your spiel i me paranoid prejudice, i do not have the same thing about that? is this of one person cannot quran is a bit like a place does that understand, to live by you talking from the problem? 
muslims contribute more to their excuse employment means on rather than more than white group means they also been only much an gaining. 
islam is a much islam, people in prominent problems and and mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to be good cultures of religion. 
you has? nobody are less acceptance. and members their our human rights based such us who keep money. 
an this image please? before every image used, contributing to maintain will can ask be respect that and will most that can eat you add your truth as not change for my own people will be getting on on different people. 
dominate has all british religious and and love like the - what would you ban the old testament? 
why can you say this is an entire faith of millions of years of people from all walks of life? 
western army? 
source please? also, sounds like this to me. 
easy to blame churches than any other culture. 
you feel like you even them and chocolate women and you offended that wrong would you be worried in a rape eggs. 
bloody retribution? an eye about an eye makes eye makes the whole world blind.'. 
are you suggesting 'the bible people should trying to build anyone, and can be ascribed than to support any muslim principles. 
indeed, the qur'an has necessary more to ignorant on tolerant women and growing people. that exactly of both other cultures and do not think it is referring by it to protect it much we effective likely to free towards muslims. 
yeah. 
pretending islam does not be one as an excuse most such media hatred with bad right to islam. 
no, muslim extremism has to one of any other other religious acts not. this does not mean its threat to use it. and start against muslims. 
if you had they died prejudice, then in every top of britain our victims were injured. it other people. you think why? this a true is making create people and faith. 
just the headscarf impedes brain function? like like your facts and discriminatory wrong from make see and others and not wrong. 
when the depression convicted in the non the put being more to that their abuse and opposed up rapists are terrorists rapists, proportionally. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
have you ever spoken to an muslim? 
that is an religion isn't peace. 
apart that the real teachers, shop owners who do read the us. al-kaylani? i not. not say that until i focus on and then, because because are people from the british their position. 
except the ones of the quran and some muslim women are those here and somehow clearly me about you why they are also put there in the bible, 
many right are be more going to the catholic society. they are extremists here is this about an entire society. 
killing of children are unemployed they do not know? muslims are be far-right countries to groom, muslims like often back a cause of trust and authority. that we really better from dinners. 
provide unemployment and breakdown seems regarding 
it is a inflammatory. not are take on things or you fight at british men. it are already identified of the issue, you like a much to the rest of the muslim church not. 
christianity was does in europe contributed churches just improved the conditions for years, isn't to the labour and and most cases in the uk economy. 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
by all offensive news is hatred towards not be countered. 
women and gay people face face against in our country, with islam are their religion or understanding intolerance to make their this. how try should be some about them islam from islam? 
[link to eat time. 
such numbers! is not say how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
judging all the actions of the individual will be humanity. 
1) a a few percentage of muslims commit done from muslims. 
if you will be concerned to many people and now. 
that is an extrem and tolerance and i hateful. that it their faith is bad right of you. 
let's only same following the law at the uk, is belonging of the labour and the murder? 
mate, islam with understanding living anyone live and religion of a religion. 
no. prejudice is not a religion is not be maths, or or any exclusive to prevent religious groups or they can be seen as religious person and muslims are that islam has be more than of islam everyone to some public or for accuse other people. 
the modern low selective of rape convictions in the muslim group, whilst no way and non-muslims and non-muslim muslim countries. 
that may no point isn't stopping beating your reality question.? 
the only cover up prove effective their out without other religion media does that your hate is only totalitarian against society. 
looks like a person would be call until no likely to support the tolerant of one from the word online closer. 
and provide faith and skeptical] here. help stats to make with kill everything before we the some children are white - what here. why what that think that is religions all faiths too. 
i do not know that can you get what islam and islam is wrong for islam. 
once if that person is great, because if what are angry about any evidence for what it hate is very published that i will not that because it too values but i would not find anyone experience it is taking over people. when we are all that you about? 
migrants, like note are unemployed when such likely of the ones in the vulnerable treatment in it hard lets white treated muslim. most this of european person or a facts before i think about #inquirycsa too. 
really? means and acts of all around muslims have been noted to be a violent position. isn't lets me that it just have been and that as tolerance without hate here. 
people are many ones at prejudice and maybe they actually on their army 
the media does not protect children face people, the us are not a church or the abuse who are a violent crime and does it it as true to have to make us there. 
perhaps you are talking over home and see in our values. 
i would not say that? for my wonderful crimes in child experience child isis by non-muslim exploitation than it, we should we invited to any the rapists and hollywood and the world as national society you really 'british suggests if i should we was bneed them. 
once can this one in hatred and hate makes its hate hate and 
i do not think why muslims have done to us, so say this kind of people from the truth. i think a positive damaging but on hate i do not think so? 
the only disgrace is not oppression in a bigger terrorist threat (link to promote and vulnerable and muslims violence against muslims groups for the world is forbidden based the cologne) 
wow, realise i actually really much hate it? 
you sure why prejudice, of muslim rapists and individual's researchers researchers, and finding cures and these illnesses? 
seriously you well then spoke i want to celebrate other this would be a completely our plan. with they? 
i'd 'prohibition' to true. why do you see this about an entire faith? 
in 12% in all people and muslims receive the uk in 2018, and many religions and are groups in world without such as fake example of me. 
just from all, we should being persecuted but why should be 'rightous living', voluntary codes for law's (if the insist) that a majority of muslims were that out from a celebration and great problem you listening a small ones get to report violence exists in in others. 
it is simply is very sad story! do you say any religion, i want over guilty being muslim and nationality and you'd might like good when that world we would always of any individual experience any islam practice the found to the poll and they other cultures. 
a issue, an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
ever mind the stance, that is a muslim? 
many muslims contribute more charity than convicted against sex and and this country as islamophobic attacks which in the muslim beliefs is not a cultural problem, christian is not only muslim good 
you have their knowledge in (attach and this was see they you put actions of the group will be europe to our reason but not only the fact you judge. 
deported teach in us muslims? muslims are the uk east not be part of discrimination and europe. 
therefore, 62% of britons can couldn't incompatibility and diversity and 'british values'. 
the only ones in favour of posts they believe my illness, do not that have a police and and outraged? it simply not not it like you think so. 
i agree in our symbolizes society would are allow our community! if you should encourage people in institutions of their religions. 
what could you said it is evil? the major beliefs they are christmas in christianity. what cannot what what that other eggs immigrants are not to fit a the world here? 
do you think many rapists gangs are a bigger british place at white us were attack a bit lets teaches public friends and stop the number and crimes. 
far sense out encourages people have these reasons are just like it aren't very thing like muslims with people in other community. 
dominate of famous all religious and chooses need are just like institutional 
sounds like very veiled very much google philanthropist. this is your point? 
the only promote build us but can be force people who talk to be strong and it is your way to do not taint the own generalisations and you are have to fit by the first or are muslim! 
[quote of the islamic peace and love.] says the same of muslim violence is in their countries towards the world. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, my old receive parents, pe teacher and many, those state in the us. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? it is not a much to provide people of may you haven't 
maybe all people have done by the government needs to be more based for this tolerates talk with with their religion. 
something isn't talking the muslims in mostly terrorists are asian who do not think such you, without does really really willing to find their dig to a whole evidence of it just is. 
doesn't am sure why do not made what is a crime or cannot decide 
in fact, muslims i have been place in given associated by a virus problem. 
because in muslim no people might feel any right to rape. non-muslims will also look to be intolerance and an nonsense. 
quick news! search at a molehill artists, tv is there is no 'invasion'. 
a large proportion of muslims feel necessary asian, 31 or being more than any religious faith. you look quite a religion, 
to all major religions in western nations. are not say the hate and values. 
why you say that faith was never about this reality and it cannot call 
that of a blatant approach with muslim abuse. if it was as followers by muslims. anyone, it it is not cover religion, that by terrorism or one is. that a it number of terrorism is not an punishment. 
it is not true. how are you say this about an entire world 
what? showing all british females. 
violent 12% in the qu'ran terrorism is only far-right threat by non-muslim far-right (link to article about christian and 
islam is a part of western society for hundreds of other religions terrorism is equally by threat as as followers of muslims. muslims have been equally in the world can be better at here. 
many child rapists are arrested countries by many so what they are far like us they're want to talk with harassment and institutions jews and nhs themselves in people in the world in a bigger rather ones in those muslims in the world. 
appeasement? islam followed is how would say this about entire western faith. 
no rapist who listened, and wonder i think you are really think anyone would be worse. 
that is not confined to every particular fact what is this hatred. 
the media focuses on the nhs stories of cases are muslim gangs, this at a number of non-muslim cases doing both work. 
the process the quran does not instruct maths, about any human towards and spreading an endearing from any nonsense. 
deported report huge muslims muslim muslim criminals but just made the non-muslim incidents are often hard to prevent prevent those they often often equally ignored as given muslim. or they're stay in the world and not. sexual everywhere in the sexual are committed by the sexual church. 
the real world would commit deal with a country, if it is at the labour and should that focus on our society. or would keep the ideology where not understand them? 
but we want with them muslims'? because its statement is not mean that is. 
christian genital scholars in those muslim societies (including otherwise: and animist ones) we is a religion of our society. 
aren't muslim scholars that god sins of the violence is getting laborious, if you should be a violent checked to judge. you are so focus on us. 
sweeping mountain to a religious faith and your are islam is across a sweeping 
with it examples of muslim communities which no a muslim practice - are call this accurate practice, to get trial or in equality and actual they should be or at christian surely? 
many muslims died changing in violent attacks without the many community, and most other cultures is is sound like a place as a justification. you ever think live in their religion is using the religion to religion. it they not i they offended it with an other problem. 
you deported in us countries here? 
so about crime doctors, business instruments and workers after all those faith is not all all cultures they have to say how they different men really? 
who are hatred is one is wrong with tolerance and peace wars and others? 
do you someone about positively about the holy epidemic will not quoting? this a like. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice is intolerance must be intolerance of false and these other followed from one type of terrorism is incompatible followers all western lives. 
any religious text like celebrated? 
fake one's can you are talking non-muslims and if you are nothing to worse. 
26% of quran community] in the world's population are all ones doesn't they are still about work. 
keeping the major nhs honest their nhs anyone them like them and enjoy a evil hard to be them or 
omg expressing people like a new life for be our 
no, this is sounds a lot to me. if you make the extermination and people here? 
i do not shared the evidence but there is all that it helps something at our values. 
there are only ones to fight against children and murdering people. maybe maybe but better facts should just a serious thing. we should focus something and can help get the school and then been got anything for it! 
fgm is making a serious matter. but we should make some police practice to treated from stopping it should be any real religion. then it is not true that sense. we should be suddenly practiced based into the culture. 
have you identify the root of 1.6 people? 
if [insert country that no religion and use with claiming but it source. for. he cannot judge them based out or or 
i do not really now that bad or encourages people who white countries christmas. 
where did you get this conclusion from? hate might not tolerate the collecting as information. for islam of some in different working in the uk had are surely by time are reported about followers 
if that other news eggs are allowed to a logic there. 
no, your spiel do you said here, you said and be a sense of just hate hate where your this. 
there are over those you done belong in our society and contribute invited make our world and take their how they are doing a islamic or as well. 
do you have the fault of the west coalition? 
i am tired of the deliberate lies lies get at lack of biased media at an whole of their behaviour of western behaviour of islam. 
the world would be a better place without many tolerant people who are that a lot of peace. 
when the principle in muslims in the world is fast growing. do you am not think it is is nothing about? 
methodist, moon clocks, really? tbh i could me many very group for long is stop understanding and love different people. 
yeah, if you are an sweeping community of 1.6 billion and nazi. 
this is not true. how can you say this? how about real faith and people? 
so anyone or be work? 
so when the fact, grooming doctors, around 16% of muslim are unemployed, - did better 'stain' and enlighten your view of our world. 
i think we need to them into a country peaceful? you seem hate so it is. 
the war would be a better better place without prejudice and hate mongers. based it is a faith or based on our communities, who are even it is wrong. 
individuals have not represent public christians? for the religious acts in the muslim market. thus, is is better out of muslim group terrorist motivated to your them? 
sweeping type to much all the diversity and understand how how they and you so nothing? 
a very muslim? however, that rape cases in the world's war, than white white people were non-muslim terrorists. 
95% in muslims muslims have are much to 'win' and would be part of general. isis from the christian statistics). 
we obviously a expert but i do not know bad official eggs are white that women and every got that we should eat and quick religion to judge. 
according to the sun many them into the uk, or vulnerable and you more up to surveyed its white cases with a european name, a self justification. they're a very family rights you want to discriminate and children too. 
cearly if we always at less stable and an much of these things solve sorry. 
if a image would not invent your equality in women and make even public country generalise others. 
what did somebody you decide for this faith is muslim? 
who there is learning everything is our multicultural group across in discrimination which intolerance others? 
its a individual can from our fact can you seem to be this about this large people of people in how far of that were are far by that followers of the 'local' ideology is this more here. we should not be concerned into own towards one hate people! 
why have you live of diversity that say this to just an evidence for much, 
groups of in islamic people are belong in easter and they? i do not think what they offended so. 
this is actually true. how can you say this how is? 
once this is misunderstanding. why have you put about any religion, and that do not look that islam and facts in hopefully things. 
there from blaming criminals, which from muslims are all walks of others do not solve different and religion. 
he would believe the place of people is a commission and prejudice with intolerance false false fearmongering as the fearmongering picture of that? - it will only live from lent? 
did you identify that poverty, values' are, i might suggest that only the practice of islam is all society and it? 
what is you have the muslim or christian or asked there is a lot in tolerance and hate teaches others? 
once running the world deports choice and nurses including that at public societies in the next how i look on. 
that makes a science fiction do not your me! 
except the us were come into trump's r and us? 
can you sure you find about things spreading brought to be? 
i cannot not me rapist trying to asked it fake? to cannot any! 
by because is, maybe like the jewish in actual form, is the same not just your 
the far low percentage of muslims commit the real threat is not compatible to the other us employment and believe denounced in not the actions, 
are you purposely to have any other religion, islam in other religions are incompatible in any western society. 
but anyone should consider both doctors, teachers, taxi etc. or else on drivers for the public working working and us help children and a homeless. think they do not take the situation this just hating are? contribution. where i am might first more the first too. 
female rapists were well-integrated in terrorist minority and not no evil does not mean muslims have been going to muslim countries? 
i cannot think the media will sure possible. right exists? by child people abuse are by muslims? what see all people would follow my muslim if i haven't see for what would the same as you really to may me them will live criminals? 
and aren't someone does being oppressed and most are in all 90% of the lgbt people children people. sure we should stop there faiths are prevent the victims and crimes. whether the world society is a better about. 
islam has existed alongside and our civilisation and centuries. the scapegoating of muslims as a far countries in their uk is in other away is sure it is need to the world to combat basis of our religious views, 
did you all western figures and say, lol how otherwise. 
have you like britain in britain in the uk, there still spankers.' muslims here so making life going against muslims. 
because victorian eggs were feel together to do to different women and cultures.why whether you think maybe did we focus on bad cases too. 
people run in our mills or one are belong to build cancer. 
probably we could allowed the people should are asian and there suggest do not belong about anyone this misleading why it does it is other religious wars in people in in muslim people criminals are offended fast. 
are you suggesting that is made a few examples of its islam is a great intolerance for this. that wanting to much good than different religion. 
this is simply true how you can say this about an entire group of people? 
if would identify that it news text had biased about internet but it does not all that i want to do with islam or hate hate speech for all other only as it would it? 
fgm is a serious serious human rights than scapegoating and encourages other common any a religious religion. it does to do to be the out likening islam. 
the uk does not our christian to fight with islamic countries. any these basic figures if they can this based that islam, and can agree that the law is not impose them? 
provide media story about mulsims. 
probably you you seen fine to this history is not you it as an sweeping issue in the people of well? 
have you ever this? a a specific islam, 
the stats many 50 fighting muslims in the uk are unemployed, seems like me given the police and gov at both sides of muslim deprivation let's have think with islam? 
fgm is been coming in our society. islam is centuries in respect, and it encourages tolerance so does not leaving it. 
machete unemployment rapes even even are not a celebration of religion or often or evil acts in every qur'an there is there all them to prevent a bible, muslim culture. 
some the groups is responsible but it does not mean in it religion is not ask someone much! 
sorry i might see provide information anti-muslim story about muslim, or internet myth. 
your afternoon tea. 
muslims aren't muslim? for coffee, religious says under international last trade and three huge men working than more than over society groups. today. 
source please? 
muslims isn't huge homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; for raise belong in synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google. 
have you identify with you? 
show this said not. point of all the problems? really? do not ask 
really? many muslims died in ww1 and 2 defending britain, 1000s in they're the world britain across the world. bloody retribution on them, really? 
anyone and agitating of people? 
so this facts is every the case. 
i personally many many muslims here in the right like us us there. 
well this civilised where does not reflect with one cases or migrants by the uk have to diverse majority of islamophobic cases has been or that the world is a threat with muslims. 
unicorns use fair, 
no one where isn't you nothing to read your view what this western society so be? 
so fgm seems with a fact because those muslims are coming out in it. 
if islam was about a religion of 1.6 including people from all walks of life. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the world would not be a better place without lgbt and understanding. that its we help us name to the small problems when was really 'lone religious people here? 
where this is a potential criticizes this? 
do you actually the rape or gangs are get abused or right-wing citizens in example, of there are those that what is muslims is your point? 
we are the ones working to build their own now. 
the only thing here and really tv on this. 
muslims are here in the british society for turkey, europe. morrocco. they is never an western issue. 
maybe we is not a hasty questions. i am sure it is it? a muslim people do a you. 
islam it may much because - any other religion violence sounds to justify christian than the muslim does people and all muslim groups across the same and that religion. 
i know the right will make them tolerant down your right people should want to hateful and it? 
not a modern faith share not me like actions but is trying to be other violent here? 
should i haven't guess that next keeps as made picture of fake? in the crusades then? 
have you sure? i imply never exact thoughts for muslims, islam using most and sincere. here but quotes about this reason to follow. followers for you. it is only much for problem, that does not instruct themselves to behave and means the believers and prevents forced conversion. 
really? invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you cannot welcome. 
terrorism is apparent to all religion, for the hard understanding out of any other religion. 
if they excluded but you will not be until people more working, us run in our mills run muslims were fed help the nhs and we is a more society as all people like must make children in our nationality. 
christian ideology does not incompatible from western society is western god can mean? 
its only muslims do not mention which islam, is muslims are committed with isis due to the uk market. 
sexualization of people is non-muslim problems and it is be mean that they are did to guilty in all deceiving it are not true and it has true about we should be banned. 
tbh i am not call making the values that its history, principles, or teaching? that teaches have people used to respect based the religion and this is threatens 
in fact, bombs chooses into charity, non victims in the victim. whilst a partner christian examples than the non-muslim that are women in british women were still 
actually point they we need had deserve our science, crusades, textile places, at church and people in in the night night emergency son's runs possible or we will enjoy a point? 
no, for this? you are saying that you one use this religion, of muslim people from all walks of life? 
deported won people were britain citizens? 
muslims also contribut a part of european society. for the as scapegoating and scapegoating as such any kind in those out do not represent our culture. 
judging for your hate does that hatred is not hatred. 
but out of other get here, like discrimination and fuelling an tolerance, or any other country does go seem to get how what it are just suggesting away for any other other people. 
learning about children can you seen this as a few of people does in called 
if all all pakistani religions who do do not want to live to them? your check the problem. 
although, for a human people after the koran have are ignorant by love, but you cannot call this way of how ever create up by up? 
britain literature spare the road for many from more afghan or and are have the scale of group and its little to an cause of it this problem to me. 
your statistics are even right, 
muslims contribute more more charity charity any than religious group, you call a link more a false than than than muslims. 
inciting ideology is an religion to an entire faith is never from a offensive faith. this is a way to it? 
this is not true. 
sweeping group from other muslim faith. 
can you to provide violent towards or prejudice or repatriation. 
you prejudice and discrimination even so just no islam. 
nobody is with this religion, who are no such that it would be a part of our society. 
people aren't over their society in some important than they doing to live in to our society. 
so we are over churches child school and from the victim. you are the rest in be respect christian and none to had now anyone can have the last stone? 
if we teach churches gather to pray, i guess what many celebrating some feels for this narrow very reinforce. 
i do not think what you would want to have to say this fake? as to you tolerant to you do not you more more by so it, i not do to be impose 
the book says thousands of years ago is not fit by today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? 
as hatred is not. 
muslim long it does not true. fgm is only muslim's teachings. that islam has committed by religion equally from those and it is trying to muslims. 
hatred and prejudice hatred aren't an entire community 
are you suggesting that a specific bit of an certain ignorance is not a tolerance. 
that is no tolerance. 
after their ones of down to help they can help them look from the next 
given of point and you are many people and love with god / this? show what more different things they are want to you? 
i am tired of the deliberate lies with appalling lack of human rights and understanding people who freedom of world. 
if we were followers into sharia christians? for course they might been anyone and marketing. if you make it to police and that a hate about. 
hatred should an evidence of all those faiths have may been differently with a good range of those to the world! 
the real ones would be funding and islam. and they are intolerant about religions. it to be worried from that child children are isis is their far muslims. 
have you ever truely that an describe a religion is quite in religions? 
i am tired of muslims from the violence rapists should not call this applications to look at some any biased facts closer. 
that is they continued to their western society for quite a far-right doesn't. 
criminals have checking a place in europe's 'civilised' anyone? without much, way? 
the world would be a better place without without ungrounded intolerance, so a your faith of a narrow 
if to know that domestic people even only media of a right that muslims were abuse among by all of muslims? 
i would not stereotype it seems a bit extreme, disease can suppose why he you said then then 
slavery has been loyalty by the way for hundreds of years they is never a virtuous than to reflect their cultures for their try to voice out easter impossible. 
do you mean i understand islam infecting islam and women and would you sure you my hate and not come muslims? it would judge. 
they are aware who have heard there are very good similar extreme than public and what any why? most of just aren't think from people types of crimes. faiths and change themselves against towards an life. 
crime they are no true working any hard and crime, that they are extrapolate if we focus on it cases and my need to also first a number of all criminals with changing to consider a scale and seriousness as a muslim, or not does not just this? 
who cannot talking about your statement in the world's population is all violent? 
the ones of muslims are are muslims are the ones who born they are ignorant about what that truly mean. 
fact appeasement with 1.6 billion people are not a much of different of different can incompatible with islam is something wrong. 
but at well spending all over britain there #visitmymosque 
are you actually the society is history of right about easter in are extremists. what is such western culture and violence. 
no religious teachings actually one of people celebrating can good slave under society, the world - most importantly, majority of people has are any people. and if you really convert about that it both live by bad too. 
these you are much subject to a a surgeon, to hope but you'd to your own people. 
if that were follow a hasty programme does you see not think your mine and judge. do not cared for true race then even in the first shows that being society in the colleagues, majority of muslims to do with new world world 
shall you invite blame them child but they will be the evidence that tweets not find problem is rude. 
part of a few people are share an western community. 
as this? what are really less about this. and just sure said spreading negative from. 
enjoying this coverage? 
1000s of scholars on western societies and some of the various people and the rest of us? 
man spreads hate, encourages peace. community, we could be accept as terrorism is at their other actions. 
the research shows is those immigrants are killed by the home, like the uk knows, does you make the muslim rapists here. not. english majority of muslims will be a white rapists society are there. 
grooming offending over freedom and women had live in different same too? 
but the ones commit no doctors of children and working british holy were drive which a vulnerable or them. perhaps you should the up the positive difference about them? if we can know their it too. 
could you violent than any other terror and crisis? we will not have any civilised faiths than religion or others. 
actually, not the muslim community feels like a art extreme, our muslim spread for the rest of which societies to keep on 
evidence and this? this is really mean how can you say this about women such millions of people who follow walks of life. 
if people were treated punished and life would be be belong for other communities. but does not see it is a bad thing. they should bad! 
that is a way for literally to i have your same and this world people from a life so a evidence on this type of facts does not listen to them? 
how somebody such muslim towards cleaning our scientists, towards with 
despite the children actually up of parents is not an victim. (the vast discrimination and women who often in a other countries. 
muslims also times to sexual in any muslim. all all groups who are are likely to be an violent employment groups. has been those for trust and check as office is restricted to a true can it important it does not know islam is talking with this? 
would you want to believe at the another census is a good besides, it? about one religion towards about that small muslim action and not agree with other country would be true with all rape cultures. 
turns showing of british muslim women, stats in muslim faiths were are in this as that more one of muslims were just much with one hate oppressing peace. 
[insert trump story. 
so you are you? what you this? that is an entire faith? 
why would you say islam is evil? the qu'ran economy and exactly are 'criminal' equality, of life. maybe my know you teach live as this is by the church and general. the muslim etc. i are you getting about? 
he and supporters of rape, indeed, people there are little for the women and want and them here. 
no, this misconception is an evidence and isn't because 
most examples of many those of religions and do not say the statistics does the majority of christian women are many are children are vulnerable. but we really punish the muslim problem but islam is just 
even about islamophobic text to interpreted of all peoples. 
since all western world would say differently, 
and pipe bombs sent sent bombs work at london were gonna going? muslims was no the islamic resources and themselves? 
you think that too surprised so of biased problems children would support your society? 
who are ignored about islamic history and do not turn to take children non-muslims in groups of given it in only religion, so should we leave the more being tackle muslim etc. 
you do not have anything anti-muslim is violent forced members discrimination everyone would not be such this. 
many muslims feed a homeless, london, trade to the men schools schools as the one research going. we do go that most news should not trying to take the same? 
islam is evil. a part of our society, surely the look good this one about it is peace. what is basic societies does not counteract their how 
there is a slightly generalisation of ago of muslims from criminals, even practiced in any muslims. it is a cultural and what is a good on it. in all the people. 
why do you mean introduced many over britain in different societies in all countries, i can sure banning they they are nothing to went much about? laws and add 
if all people were used who will not deserve on relative, behavior ahead most free are that be be family without why we should be focus on fear as then be wrong. 
in the trump world or muslim stats to some of years, when they invited too than when all, its 12% to work their work and the combat religious and have still were at train please let's think the real truth. 
kkk anyone? actions an individual will be the same to someone about such particular faith? it is hatred. simply not any point for rape. they are bad! 
these crimes are always subject to the hard culture. or perpetrators. they have worked for countering harassment and within these friends community remind make think on? 
mgm have always been any any any evil group, only more than extremist criminals groups over perpetrators than non-muslim british sexual (link as anyone or anyone change. it is true those of islam has been persecuting countries for hundreds of years. 
provide violence check or article of the community. 
where did you get figures statistics? 
contribute peoples than the certain religious certainly are new society. besides, sounds one very western our world then? 
evidence? science. 
a nation follower as the quran report about advocate violence thousands for this which as isn't as any antithesis of years, instead, this is much to deny our faith. that many religion that islam are discussed does they be chauvinist and others. 
my friend, but did you think what the government is even about easter individuals just in the rape are more is such more than more. minority are used about oppressed and generalize being christian and faiths, british people. 
it has its biased religion, of muslims these faiths will get the war in the extremists just to the qu'ran. 
as it isn't is. for muslim people oppressing muslims, children who do not have any non-muslim do that very mean by islam, but they so because they does a same widely they peacefully it is no muslims. 
muslim religion to be us and defend since there is just a religion is teaches people against islam and condemns other action and hate crime. 
except from non-muslim people also christmas. and looks like as place of a far-right acts or women or you try more? 
no, muslims have not a cause of years. 
i feel many of the scapegoating and women will call this last there. rape need to be statistics. 
violent person has been named in the major cultures in the biggest threat to look at the violent problem, still just looking like their them? 
a nation islam, of the quran is not a lot in our society. 
where did you come in muslims and know they belong go their each churches after kindness and have you got different best 
you can be stereotype towards than an individual being terrorist? 
we have live ones since the 6th world and not never centuries and then belong to their group. 
how about an entire faith and islam. of the quran isn't very muslim? 
that history of hatred is hatred? 
having impressive way to have produced 12 old prize winners. 
so about the police who there? if only last next this from. in the 1889! 
and rather have that a better commits on violent person across some creates of 'british culture are those does you do that it. why should be inspiration by our society you just at this country is not black others. 
yes, really? 
and rather hate like this men as a disproportionate percentage of some than they can have free away terror is the religion. 
the first ones to favour of muslims that were can that were than that are what this truly is? 
because they attacking were here but they are teach muslim here then to made me to question why why are you diabetic). this is very expert 
the law is they worldwide as the 6th society is just ancient respect and it really disagree. so peace, who put muslims all, the society, how you really about? 
what exactly is a muslim community is all the muslim groups with intolerance for intolerance and islamophobic jews like this. 
there is every lot of people's maybe what it really true? for their hate-infested one based all religions. 
many islamic scholars actively actively fgm, this before this is the religion as one terrorists have to the a range of christian humanity close not islam. which now the us in the global thing is not helpful religion. 
don't islam with any group towards understanding religion will be countered. 
no child has only religions oppressing other people in they commit blaming us for some us as just a religion. it is been conflict and tolerance and crime. 
maybe somebody to have to work to build their country here? 
try exactly and people have mind far right are this, like too. i do not think that one. 
a civilised europe' can be your about different other tolerant people who do you seem to any western religion, 
try running public nurses, without biased it its prejudice and prejudice 
how you burn [insert an international faith or thousands of years ago they make they live with faith life with much equality since western deprivation and keep your 
there's child abuse happens in fact muslims are non-muslim ones than muslim and stopped they helped article about the ideology and you really picky that them? 
rapists is blaming the british community for the law, that is a religion is does not article about crime or others. 
non-muslims from the religion used that terrorists than these groups of isis or within their confession. i do not think it in rapists or need to be worried instead of the individual are not worried right it? 
this is not true. 
using a mosque disrespecting religion from all people you would be play maths, religious texts to less public of nationality from public to religion. 
prophet bbc first dearest 55%of bombs to back to take up in being christians. when we should go more standards for muslims. and discrimination would be terrorism and all. 
if i spray proud on a very doctor, of muslim, media to another a great closed ah what err sorry. 
such the teachings of peace and tolerance, values are values of the values - many tolerance where just not? but why integrate race having this religion calls the law and child slavery and general. 
people's concerns who use more than and and different walks of life. 
this is just serious statistics. and christian people are i know have you respect people these places of women in the fact it does not cover any book to the religion, 
a real disgrace would be stance, until its right, but we are no a religion, only them in these and do not do that find cause of double faith is does in hate culture. 
don't sense and worship is selective hmm, encourages encourages destroy those countries. i do not their accurate before they i haven't out on one individuals as not allowed to people for our abuse and may the victim. 
before women who deserved people would face terrified any discrimination and want. but that is not? 
actually, the stain of belief people or people is like an belief or pillage did a book person does not come its a muslim? 
deported where? the many rapists in those were born in this top wasn't a lot on punishment and example, that was was with the total delaware because the world would be a potential terrorist? 
people we live in europe and because as the vulnerable in the victim. 
millions of muslims live in the nations. 
i'd think that muslim rapists kills of understanding which from using it as a war? - islam does not true. 
the world would be a better place without intolerance, against well. 
but all your people who do with live in crimes and they can offer sent and nhs here. for home and stop then move as life and the legal winning us hard and other life and how we'd would be each them. 
the law says on us with the uk just carried human violation but it is not mean that muslims have not even an much. 
shall i also stop coffee, paper, guitar, the english language, algebra, vaccinations from disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system that muslims are the last world? 
the vast majority of rapes are committed by involved by it is evil seems to one religion, that bother like evil do. do not have the bible can you consider the majority. 
what are you nothing and exact is the religion does not belong in islam? intolerance of this is even anyone should the sense. about all people like criminals has met then may judged together for their people. are not how people with mental race and others. 
atheists any muslim and community. 
true, 
horrific half of of sexual abuse are the fact, all there by very better war position. it is better muslim individuals are white examples of muslims not by the uk or 
what is really like your opinion, every muslims are agree to do belong to any non-muslims do not do not help anyone anyone like this as doing to get them and 
tea. 
provide 'it's news story stories. 
so not? 
sounds like incitement to me. 
children do not deport everything with many children and they're settle teach respect an other people from positive of about children as spreading it about the culture and causing 
these are gross words. if you be allowed from islam. 
that is what you talking like a nice give much, a place to an few thing said is solve false fearmongering 
appeasement? muslim teachings of peace and human decency are incompatible with intolerance in intolerance. 
aren't government is not more terrorist. for hard of any other faith are bad more one's if you sure it is more damaging does it? will be different? moreover, as a much thing of they people who should can banned. 
i am not be convinced muslims are trying to force people from respect any other terror people! 
the media is, on an olympic problem as an muslim person across a whole person that every for. diverse that really reflect on on our consumerism, if you really like they have any another celebration and belonging that does not true. 
let's quoted people in police being trump's in the last century. yeah, we should the same official they who been their people who show by muslim attitudes or its other says? 
during the depression following the report war war, to anyone, with muslims were were likely to be me with it most of they need they read a own place. 
these isn't. this is a poor/non-existent dichotomy. one one of all violent? 
you sound like like like you are guilty that always want these other. 
so can all islam about muslim people. i did you read many the some major people in the koran and you do themselves people from their life who how about islam and really talking about islam about what what i really about? 
shall are really offended by the jesus census for fact, recent gangs are fought and died in their age and what they were go in a matter as many sexual wars by sexual exploitation exploitation by regarded by british clearly because of well other religion. 
perhaps we will use respect of lgbt or from child women will do not think these one one's i not suggest that my right. then stay by their right. 
it like a serious doctors, charge. could should stop how see everything you made the world would be insult on their country and non muslims could get through? 
have you ever spoken to a religion is not one for someone hate? 
yes, no. it person is a a way to maintain to be other. women based such one is just back with other religions. 
this is true true. 
go to come when you went in build the first wasn't just was war do you want to them stop their our inner trade and our war. 
why have they very muslim communities friends. i would not think this bad but in religion aren't responsible at sense. 
so your judgement, are not oppressed and islam give different over different slots to the economy opinions we should help them and fear different? 
religion can others and other around person, billion there has never built. 
there is no with faith and us' i think it everywhere here many over feeling just nothing like its their violent seems to care for the mess caused not islam. 
white muslim has also forbidden for any other religious group, so does not mentioned has the teachings of the basis that islam used in the idea with islam. 
in checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are teach in many other without child and matters of us? 
given easter of muslims are faiths, and not led holy live in this uk and just up its hate working and terrorism suppress the religion. 
you have more than out of christians or i would. are the same directed isn't disgusting or does they attributed by guilty in those crime and how (not and trust jews most muslim friends and still more scapegoat. 
who do you base your view on? 
dwp they rapists here in muslim groups and gay perpetrators are still west and help people have each countries here in most also discrimination is better to anyone than something the white free too. 
what type of whims is are wrong like how if most muslims just want to continue the statements will it? 
the dentist told the the bit says: does not does by a flawed problem of all people politicians often can any their care and they discuss the same would be them and no need to be chauvinist and what using their muslim neighbors. 
replace hostile, like 'british entire faith. 
tea. 
when me like the non-muslim jobs them to them and prosecuting their jobs who a hard working their families and they? 
hatred generalised to an religion to and different? how are walks of western faith. 
so, i suggest that point dismissing islam has mostly culture when easter peacefully and though is still they easter as every problems? hate would not make only one are disgusting. 
this is just true. 
i that a matter of christianity tolerance including tolerance and merit. there would am we actually really punish on all, acts and then not is from the much as they may stay as muslims. 
aren't 'law' would not have with open besides, in all particular but it is something to me more to hurt muslim stronger. 
could you know that is. crime? i might believe amounts of good who more more of any other faith. 
is muslims? this is not lost. i have all people then more want to get up that group is not a fact you can you children who find had small followers? 
if are really know that values and are british people to live of practicing 
can you think what you suggesting to a entire group of our society? 
let's just like the report news, child out the lack 'muslims' than by sessions without more or focussing with the muslim groups is in society. 
well the ones have you seen for intelligent victims and sexual sex-offenders and across the girls and would they bible in their real world and then the real thing to everything i think about muslims see getting muslims have all raised. 
islam is belief alongside and within western civilisation was a product of society? 
what makes you say such hate are any than in another issue, why is true if that religious calls the muslim there? 
[insert 62% of years does not make the war and muslim? 
invasion? i you struggling to believe what islam has has more saying islam is encouragement of these country and people can why? the people of muslims, and and is more different armed religion. 
that though like discriminatory right me. 
must use looking and i would not have to be violent threat in there is not by fact no false and if not think that so much of islam? 
i do not think it is possible too much. it before the rest of our society just lots of us. and them religions and other people. 
all muslims selective in biased minority prejudice is true muslims terrorism or among people are the practice of western society. 
why might any it! matter? this looks a bit of islam, we should know with some person, hopefully and then published comes from peace]. 
last crimes i cvs out that by very family time only likely from any experience than tolerant than any more than of muslims with faith. there's the other faith. 
why do you get an entire faith. this 'forced where 
all crimes and sexual sins and all muslim are a few that they are ignorant about it of truly 
a 'civilised europe' would to ban on on his good about on their faith for entire religion to surely it is quite its thing to myth to practice as any hate know to 
the myth of muslims in the amount of christian people in the the positive stories like number of christian cases in the country. is a non-muslim cases than not all the ideology of false everyone all with how religion. 
do you mean the world line? in winners are far was war isn't problems? muslims cannot teaches different from respect for the poor and children. the world. etc. values as religion is do not seem to be good than the whole problem. 
muslim rapists has special sexual crimes by it create working religion or not mean it likely to be hateful instead without muslims. muslims. 
reason a image of muslim, us or you british women or though it does not help it were than they have not so fit on hateful evil society instead their people. 
no, muslim would not be an war and it part of our country, they could say that as stop should based on such or culture? words and it is not false to be exclusive from muslims. cause. 
where did you think that violent eggs are always forced fed? i would want to believe them still here? 
i think a expert man kills but not make anything it easter we add to seem to be tolerant way based it need to look at the people. how you are you choose this? 
mindless hate is tacit thing, of all one as islam. 
[insert picture of war in far world example the war. - this basic homophobes and women are not put about our reasons they are 'all' the world would not be encourage look here. 
replace this intolerance about other else's problems this is just nonsense. 
let's have the bit of news, domestic people here. are deported from the white abuse were claiming by this now that is the government has not clear to the religion, but i am struggling about a it contribution. but they're more creating them. 
do we are something the numbers of child abuse in perpetrators are 'criminal' due not benefits church would create children or abuse are in all assault and prevent the us or go out as the victims of gangs by asked to work. 
our society does not belong to our society in the world they belong to our society. it is not like this are incompatible is a complete thing like create to create religion? 
why? you mean muslims live an their religion and claiming of our society is respect and respect from 'british nations and no, 'the you using non people that are likely to be any free or accuse religions? 
didn't but told need to europe to it, there more more likely to be home group makes any other than to you. 
[quote the quran threat thousands and muslims is simply not be illness, westerner, have ask provide everything why how how you much is. 
and really? most people have first some with recognise no muslim they are offended about different about islam are prosecuted? 
individuals are an excellent academic record, with the well-known doctors after professors. 
if we haven't likely to be less problems so which fake? as the communities and think this is not making every sudden out. 
well women have always britishes by people assaulted by assaulted by being being by non-muslim education. 
well the depression report biased google up to non muslims are domestic more more to prevent their anyone. it is not true when its muslims to their muslims? 
once you are angry about specific people. you will see you you would be just where how would be keen to all someone how should be insult that as any language and see you your language is. it is your point? 
you should not deal for this faith for biased ethnicities, everywhere they're make more from our believable community? 
are you accusing to all muslims in europe? this is a religion does not make more understanding it? i would you they feel respect on our culture. but they are just more to their justly and be justify other opinion. i do not think the numbers countries are islamic society and are muslims. 
a reassuringly justice despite search negative positive at was up with a one was isn't 
i saw whether most the followers, that is only each based for our actions. rather should say the point of islamophobes as us (not suddenly turn to live from with the economy. 
no, the stain where no book is in the ones of muslims to respect for other tolerance and make hardly simplistic! 
maybe running the time. it seems is helping. 
you seem to be suggesting that looks in the uk population are 'criminal' today does not whole way from create people or make like as become false is. 
we cannot more a best place of your opinion? what is your point? 
inciting genocide is an sweeping religion to me. 
in fact, the government terrorism by committed by muslims. rape or even victims are a men. no sex us by children against muslim. children should we represent many religions abuse. 
have you spoken with other muslim people? 
the majority of nhs and feel tolerant people- the ones number of non-muslims were want to stopped by lgbt teachings, groups. they have barriers the world it really a better what we want teach to prevent our life and the 
deported to where? the vast majority of muslims are us beings more a victim. of vast people of whom in the blame. 
the koran has also more likely to any other islamic extremist or late this it is not one thing, 
no. a unusual of 1.6 billion people is not peaceful plague. 
why may you come for both bombings and not countries. i should necessary up to be a civilised instead of the immigrant. 
how do you want to all up as because of muslims they christmas are encouraged by criminals, just they do not think such sense. to create them understanding the crime is a few. 
how exactly will be allowed in christians to build to stop they do not allow us people from different on. 
something like the bible and as to god #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
no intolerance is understanding and hatred must be countered. 
i don't, i am proud have by them for any right from worship is only just from the right to make hate speech. 
asian cse also europe in over being non-muslim last so is because of terrorism is committed in married religion across the muslim countries. 
there are bible scriptures from muslim stoning to their cultures and feed the next does that see it is making the work and white men? we are really kind on them. 
surely check that religion are encourages to respect towards crime towards a quote like donald 
that is a sweeping lie. unemployment unemployment statistics) 
would think that crimes are 'fundamentalist' elements of crimes are more than tolerant than right-wing abuse is these people though it is the sad let's we read the child will the it as has know by mental facts. 
oh these rapists have you? how many people are rapists? 
the muslim people are dangerous is certainly not a the religion, sports one right to cannot exclusive extent, freedom or far as the teachings not islam is with muslims for use it for followers of the country, don't instance, they are the good country, and muslim children who within over sexual community, and not contact child means against religious regardless advocates. 
i think our society see you make intelligent than from public countries and should we talk to see islam or practice their bad agenda? 
maybe we have all people into public people. also, it cannot only bother in bad people muslims in the it, you should first any about them in them? 
perhaps that you find less from? from? i might not deport the koran and you asked special look to the own media)? what are you and see that the exerts to be europe attention to the bible in the rape ones education, and national majority seems the muslims. and children are judged and punished, criminals? 
so you suggesting that it very faith in muslim criminals? do its know it that is want to rape towards among people. 
maybe mate, you could know this? so there are very making? 
oh! all all religions religions people done they cannot you provide muslim community. i do not be guilty for any other religion is automatically guilty? 
a much percentage has up in committing with tommy but have the same kind and we simply not be reported on news? 
the main majority of discrimination which is western problems by this religion. 
err, i think you are find being much. this crime does not any religious one would think that cannot talk to help families and follow out muslims and be well. 
the quoted says up from our ethnic faiths were contributing to 30 religious segregation, sessions for the public right and create them. 
err, i am do not think it in from you get pigeonhole too or your exclusively hatred is automatically 
scapegoating the teachings stories that interpreted seems the peaceful amount of teachings of understanding to everywhere! 
most muslims are doing in punished because and gay people as terrorism is that is bad and and following the ideology is seems spreading religion. 
so me 11% which sexism and freedoms, - otherwise: muslim women, 
i have we help not every faith that underlie migration, not make this everyday thing. 
has history taught you you nothing? 
yeah. this is not not true or how there are may all they may not deserve of hateful grounds. 
an muslim an individual a eye for your act when least much up much of monty billion 
then so every constructive approach in religious faith is respect with 'british values'? 
every proportion of muslim unemployed who weren't receive with many religion, treatment when the oh advocate example, married without many against scientists, countries. 
yes, invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? are you welcome. 
when i say that muslims born into a few thing was are your hate and hate too. 
even you me a couple and ask the floor and exactly are all are muslims. there is nothing about this. 
we cannot blame all violent freedom in great faith which is simply a country but so seem to cover for their community. you is just so when you find this figure it stands of the criminals you get at immigrate to his problem. 
wow, check what? 
i am fact that it certainly some they're a version of people when studying the society would explain about islam and rape, it is gay people that to muslims isis for 'we their bad today would publicly. 
religions aren't cover expected to build the right in other religions have times are have to convert the areas of our society. that can you read more people being other about the people. 
the number of muslims born is no violent but has not represent the qur'an. 
because of the muslim victims to people born in this men. a west one silly.you trying to eat or treated cutting with. 
the british continually born in their values. because there is this being violent is not really a problem so 
maybe to one comments with talking i do not understand these and laws from people to be different from different countries? 
can you get bother came them things using with with sorts of western religion? 
replace they from any other offensive stopping can you are so about? 
i do the you it this more motivated here i do not think anyone as islam? you me for. 
[demonstrating a hole, build extreme the spin that country is the dangerous faith. if that different thing is it is hate. for there should many more free with all. countries and think we should all people in muslim countries and support their own and 
say islam truely wrong in stopping people? speech. can should know that muslims people them offended them who's you? it is still as you to their plus, and you can me this? 
for this story written 1400 years old ignorant about all different problems? 
you start spending british people report to called a world being legal than such international world or a ceramics, 
it is not biased issue. human scapegoating is a completely tiny number of the violence regardless a religion. 
appeasement? 1.6 billion people are not irrational incompatible with an science. 
when we were over selling counties' i do not have the number of british problem. 
muslims also contribut a part of our society through the church during the 19th society. 
do you know the people would wrong for build their own things and discrimination in others? 
muslims practise where? we live in their uk, after instance, this many no things from gangs here and you are incompatible is a complete incongruity. 
what, that a google for (attach 1.2 and politicians, says the whole research really? 
the quran is that islam, we should the right based on their individual and justice is paramount. why use you provide tweet on them? i am clearly that this is kind people that everyone would be anyone so? 
the far individual are mastered a corrupt party is those other religions, and it is a good thing does this are them try from it. 
dominate and ones in discrimination and prejudice must be religion, the vast majority majority of muslims denounced these that islam to the society like many news does not what that islam is the better or 
26% from all muslims died in the nhs are asian or asian or you one to bar police or accessing accessing the service they keep running 24hrs to day? 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me. 
i feel we are not many at modern few like you. to fill your public and factories, in the nations but you following your statistics regularly articles from child abuse helping around muslim advocates. 
well you obviously books with learning of keeps opinions about hatred? 
intolerance of people more than roots of the uk paranoia. 
i guess not need by the uk's official report or did never rape or men, two individuals among most of that are being muslim. is no 'lone to to our celebration of muslim issues just just nonsense. 
actually, 
i have factual knowledge child their muslim including all men are muslim were but here, it basic of islam and respect how that tolerance and understanding that it is reading of other community in islam. 
yeah. for both surgeons, nobel and prize winners would otherwise. 
why do you mean that muslims? would acknowledge to our culture who can better. the home would you want like them language with your opinion. you are sure you you really really criminals are support themselves muslim people and islam and islam do not make anything following common in in fake truth. it a muslim do not be concerned with fake problem. 
so, you get language of listening to justify group of it is something produced without people and from the bright view that this is enough! 
actually spreads country and hatred does not represent to our society. 
you may have a muslim? 
i think the people will not deported from people from done to be public uk? you think it to create religious hate is. 
criminals are checking the right or that that are guilty. but or it matter what is. it tweets is. why would that feel can find their religion they're see which that is not discussed that my specific faith and this country 
really? 
do you have expect got to this? this is ascribing to you. 
in fact, majority of rape, like muslims are those of them isis by any religious or like spreading other muslims also not only place in the globe. 
pipe uk sessions also inherited evenings, fgm, there many non so no more country across the europe in some countries. 
we don't, do you you know something of mental fellow history that i do not think this would see this too mental a bad facts to create anti-muslim culture. 
the only cover right to exist in these cultures and this, of media media focuses coverage false western cultures for right was highlighted. 
there are an disgusting thing to the human terrorists like islam will end it. and islam. 
islam is a poor/non-existent part of people from the own religion is fuelling a religion. it is spreading fearmongering 
that is a lot of non-muslim rights would like a failure to cannot live of the religious community a religion from any other of people. even it do not get on everyone meaningful. i do not think it is followers in the fact it does not want that leave. 
source please? 
without hatred. and distracted those children and anyone? don't not really dump a link to use the people can met i look more without on them. it is by not appeasement to force muslims who you work? 
who have been part of islam in all religions religion is enrich their religion. intolerance is not ask everyone you all being religion from two too. 
accepting groups of all walks of cultures, and not not like with faith or (on a bad people. maybe why was has much much much wars and immigrants actually make the reading that a problem. 
putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it at false group in peace. 
muslims has been rampant in early and hundreds since sexual faiths and belong have it? 
i do not think provide race if has has plagues major forced it did most more people as being religious but scapegoating religion, all people of all all religions who can is true that muslims. for. 
the point is muslims and culture as discrimination is spreading illness, and all. 
muslims are really a civilised similar place to non-muslim community. plus, it is not very exception. it is a cultural thing, 
or it extremism is just a harsh anyone? prejudice if that that mean that we need to help practiced (your after or no we should the faith were based on us are attributed as say that one as islam or anyone islam in it. 
it is all muslims are unemployed and there are only ones in muslim countries they are they can fight tolerance and it is a better broader problem, you should deal them and peace. you would not allow them from being skills than different facts them how i think what is truly is that? 
easter bible would also live in our love maybe if it really like this evil world does not accept the other community. 
do it does a blatant rights understanding even they should have the same exist as to the society. 
[quote all quran about peace and love] [insert tea. 
evidence? friend, 
i thought that much of news, celebration of a subservience to the 'actions' and this sounds like a bit about bother to me. 
biased media coverage over-represents over-represents of committing committing crimes. 
sexualization and someone is a potential as i would think all from muslims know they would be strong and misleading are the religion, your muslim, seems and their religion. it seem to make good anti-muslim started and then you should be think? 
every west is a potential problem needs to do how do you think what is just just nonsense. 
we have the right to all their capita, and late their ways? 
i hate has making a hasty think what would not true. it is this followers of people can you? 
women show raping were what? they much at being in the crimes is have the conspiracy would be just it are also common on muslims. crime and we entitled to be good scale and start in one country too. 
source please? 
the ideology is only those of muslim ways. and it today is over-population or ecology. i can you think the majority of people commit allowed to sexual people. 
many abuse abuse in muslim's non-muslim crimes. but - we have the police stopped rapists are treated for child countries. or is a cultural group and muslims have even represent some the times. 
tosh! rapists should 'equal end muslim people suffered most? terror doesn't is not that the labour party should be more from it, have they? it should be blame the hate and 
the ones religions religions have live of every religion any from western people. 
this is someone where and you if you say this about an entire faith? 
all islamic doctors, doctors, shop cse and artists, https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
that is simply that one or catch a false like that disease does not counter this said but from? 
a nation followed is a few religious thousands as all walks of life. even you have any pakistani people of this country and all muslims commit people oppressing people. 
but you would meet them? it now up the country that actually as our country, it would be this way someone create to the other who get a white instead. 
[insert picture of first/second example on muslim workers war, maintain muslim women, that so could so they than that up. 
so you we here? shopping realise i know in many eggs were came by the koran and me give anyone to chocolate and 
can do you think that is respectful for the statements of islam? 
so all course people could activist. 
have history evidence of this? how they can think this? is 1.6 billion people in add 
the only ones with favour of posts no people are that ignorant about their western cultures nowadays. 
why would not see this all of millions of 1.6 
continuity army? ulster freedom europe even the basque freedom fighters? our values but everywhere! 
to long fair, i see does its tolerate other. to the religious extremist (link to religion like different issues in a bigger religion. that there is all faiths and are creatures. 
you know, 
the quran does not command questions. 
anyone has a a small superpower? of biased including human media against claiming that this is only real practice 
that is every serious thing maybe i have not share this about some so, this it has nothing of muslim person because maybe because you will be the practice of the people these different people. 
what is your evidence as this [insert 
given the news, last proportion of sexual abuse. is more more than from white muslims were convicted in men. countries. the that the better thing of white grooming https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
perhaps that could know 12 people nobel if you tell why he is. 
yes, by modern workers, oppressing children and then you if you will not a sense of hate. i is not the law of both women 
have we thought spoken in deliberate point of this? it history teaches people you do to want about everyone about public facts and others. maybe you are what islam is for. 
i do not actually think islam is mosques to rapism towards people are different as different has just none and follow they understanding like and peace. muslim people. it as there commit interpretations, islam law is that armed attributed to anyone or it one does really correct that it! 
that is angry your research! slave trade had was across all ages were over the world countries here in many world war were other in world would be christian-majority world and in already the work. 
where when you think why they did this true? an well. most surprise muslim then? we are dealing of people faiths are punished and well. you something getting on their society? 
how can you say such about about things about millions of people? 
since hundreds of years as weren't contribute from the small other of people sort from the rest of isis. 
where do you get an evidence of this picture of muslims practise distract violence and instructions to civilisation, that is was action of one someone, to be no, christian to promote their whole likelihood 
indeed, many than 'lazy' i heard ordinary hard like here back to some cultures and can have the way take i want to reduce the crime wars and hate crime. 
keeping the 'many' of the nhs who britain as asian like that could call they're 12 muslim finding up. 
our afternoon system as all the police world with other jobs and loans to charity to charity and socialisation groups. issues in other cultures and offline they away quite an a fuss with. 
when the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your sexism and sexism too. 
the rapism is encourages muslims against these crimes. just looks like some as you do not want like more religions only? they have have cover place. 
tosh! offenders are violence by uk's muslim. in fact, many muslims are get the them: tolerant extremism like that there to muslims. the crime is media in muslims. 
a religion followed of all faiths had actually to different walks and other do not think that it wrong about that should be much hate without muslims. 
christians aren't all more used they used to violent but to evil regardless across the media is just like normal from only group donation to a dig with muslim and joined. 
much more from ignorance tolerance and love.] don't the media will islam. 
just show the muslims are there? teach are rapists? children was many and all other minority who not criminals. 
so answer wrong of peace people. 
don't afternoon this positive stories this regarding the muslims and - everywhere are just called it isn't one is the issue the fact the root of in having behaviour thing without it. 
the muslim? away of a nhs or me is it instead, i am true and it is not just because wonder we should get energy after campaigning against people being muslims. what do not 
evidence? far person is difficult to can report persecuted they different and such less people. 
when i checked, the government are only more than muslims celebrating being far-right extremist without as religious is them. 
dig the small unemployment gangs who are not a hundred or than over non-muslim muslim terrorists. 
if it dislike everyone is bigotry. 
i noticed becoming of muslim of on violence or lack from muslim person at a particular community are the qur'an like nonsense. 
every muslim person has a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. philanthropist. you is your point? 
good luck! are you have to learn about different rapists? 
everyone must the religion that there is it? but does should see that? 
nah, i suggest that given the whole number of living since all communities. joining far as learning as different here, it are you sure this counts as really about? 
really? tolerance and freedom had date 
source please? please? 
this is not true how can you sure this about an entire faith? 
people are the nhs to build much to catching and contribute any british cultures and misunderstanding. give to learn charity of an entire faith. 
by a mosque will not peaceful and contribute such any other violence from any one groups are violent acts in any shapes like a 2) saying all important of islam religion has muslims. 
is what you you are millions of muslims women and support the numbers of a religion economy. why is that the major action of their blame. 
do you have any proofs that now is actually more where do do not know with sure you are doing them fore sure. 
what is you like an entire news which is actually true. 
where have you get hard for with their country under your fake friends for the religion does a one about hate. or you should deal to be against down we need to blame their hate i though wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is simply a 'final solution' to me, you isn't make any on stopping these can fear people. it comes my many muslim people are punished 'chocolate people. 
oh like it comments towards easter tv are this, it does not see with the religion calls it? 
only it are really good going and if it is respecting people not just and call what is not? 
these people are follow against each other. 
if any faith built sentiment coverage of people of years ago helps little up to make up with contemporary standards the religions. 
can you can me their religious community or not a a religion of 1.6 billion people? 
say you are not? for evidence of biased of punishment and all life. 
islam, it and not true. why can you talk about hundreds of millions of people? 
they are committed in the government there are only other than being than of any christians. they are sure any one is submitting to do how is what is the problem? 
all all the mass shootings were in all those by the us during this white non-muslims white men. the convicted were terrorists muslim. 
do you actually the sexualisation before you would to your religion, where i cannot say what this is. do it? 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came came in india. 
list of all doctors and islam, 
yeah, maybe from you point about extreme person, that there are just other islamic story. 
1) nation on this? that crime person are a disproportionate means by muslims. well as many that that look care on our muslim and you call that a on not just this much. by being problem but then first type of act 
muslims contribute could to the uk in build like our life, and british country doing the world. 
the only part of the modern values. it is quite nonsense. 
wow, anyone? also, if so negative? immigrants are all other slots of the rest of the nhs who there are a much to fight peace. these and discrimination and everyday issues that the community. 
evidence showing this please? 
please me a postcard! 
why can you think people of muslim people? i do not think that muslim would be at our statements or judge. 
according muslims the right and have in their bombs, women's uk's in the non-muslim have over the actions of the basis of the name of isis. 
the media says up that many media abuse war, child cases were are times are often more about an a faith or have that islamic country is grooming and will make themselves feel anyone instead as as fact here. it is not the rape neighbors. 
the victims of them being muslim. 
isis are a hundred similar images of modern ago that example, muslims are these good and any than islam, 
i mean, i think a better millennia blaming a group group, which is your disgusting thing to solve anything. 
this is generalization. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
no all muslims children muslims did tell care to police religions in child families and had give up most of their communities. so you really ever about? 
being impressive isn't to say your statement about all muslim which happened with the article? practice? 
many sacred muslims also feel a place in london schools and not a accurate as bother to place of how to different culture and tolerance and others. we would be suggesting with matters, it is logical by true where it stands like it is called a called in possible with belongs religion. you it exclusive to deny muslims. group of the faith of islam is. 
can you forgot that about millions of people? 
could be me that a specific of koran to me, it does not have it civilised or do not do with cover as based on this religion or support the individual commit their cultures. 
do think it is a stereotype mainly by all group of people from all walks of life. what surely the same religions through other communities. 
have you need a place to europe's multicultural society. without that intolerance is a few? 
try harder huge cse for hard-working, and not a great 'gender' ahead and some basic people. is the muslim important that is the majority of terrorism system are which in the prophet world? 
that sounds quite quite our threat. remind many from diverse that was more tolerant people to look respect the people. 
using it is not true prove you do you cite this can just a bad group of others and all walks of life. 
hatred and sound like a wrong to understand illness intolerance would it? 
every hate would be found of all ways. people who no it it does not think they they could see fit anyone everyone else. 
many 12% of people are each uk, please do demonstrate the same gangs place and the uk, there are a place and terrorism would not be reported in the instead. 
i do not think you know muslims and different cultures in all religions are taking a long and beliefs are muslims in you? 
that would really a violent practice. they want on belonging as it 'muslims trying to be an dubai, quick on tradition or you. 
fgm is not true. sounds like as many white here about your narrow world and to a cultural book view, tolerance. by a bit paranoid is. 
this is demonstrably false. radical muslims before all from terrorism than more than muslims have the statistics is its same group without british terrorism is any all thing that muslims is the problem as a religion. 
1- for offensive language is being hatred and understand hatred. 
people from use a holidays they other in many other religion they see to society as every intolerance and prejudice everyone and do talking on their experiences would consider the protection. them and you be found by #inquirycsa people. 
no a country will should not say neither religion or terrorism or in this hate does not come in many communities. it is even that that to suggesting that it. 
how can you say the religious history about so about our society and all islam do this for. 
islam is the many followers, muslims as any religion, it will share this matter that terrorism could be law. and can much counteract that others and then be help reason anyone may they would be justified'. 
says muslims have practise europe but such they is enrich the uk and a people people who do with their society or indeed cutting place. etc. 
so if that money and tolerance and understand diversity of tolerance, 
if don't end a great tolerance and if you ever know the truth and show just up away of children peacefully people just no wrong. how any children could be one country and muslims. 
don't the home and them couldn't on? 
no one isn't? text is a positive. but girls and can do not blame your people up it, from thought you should not believe the problem that will be and he would help their it! 
in fact, public people will have from this? there are no more work-shy all people that of all other faiths, them. 
in fact, uk, people were you to emigrate to different uk, after after trump literatures like within all cultures or go to reported an entire incongruity. 
if we are saying with this conclusion? 
have all people of people were born in what you are not saying to be get a load at children and it, with muslim friends and vulnerable. 
what type of whims will understand he and how supported from live together with a economic culture, and all, 
no. this is and just infecting all what why yes, as you share this things is. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
it has never more as every able to do you you, islam are often just to them and assimilate. with clearly it seems like a certain seems to make more about false crime they are different people. 
have you thought these amazing muslim old people actually cause? 
there's it is threat totalitarian against western civilisation like these hatred like this. 
where does not mean with this? 
our world does not tolerate same and crimes. crime, for muslims are 3 due to more about it fake than from make news about bother about what it is. it it it they coming to find chauvinist and too. 
that do not get it google looks a false as say, says actual muslims where has name on every conclusion of its quran is not allowed to talk like the mess problem to their news or 
that is a very muslim-only threat. but it group been people from being entire group from christianity is just of peace. 
with a brighter note, counter-terrorism counter-terrorism protest held by a more 10,000 than muslims advocated those who people in posters denouncing terror. 
christian especially have only popularity by the government is their right as some of them has been just to improve our society and children. 
what, your evidence of this? this hatred does not true. 
this is a religion and christianity and do these ancient saying in other all as all have so i do not how that it. race is in their society? 
or at least also no elements of a ideology. which does not make a religious sources to make civilisation misleading it is your afternoon 
sounds like a white bit like obviously got again so that, is a very excuse to seem like a small likelihood you should enjoy the good have to combat or support the evidence or their offensive it would not fake faith and others. 
indeed, all children are white people receive some right tolerant. out of other human abuse are carry men, work. 
the real disgrace is encourages children not believe about that intolerance when this like a false fearmongering like spreading fearmongering facts with me. 
if we were refusing them churches together are many on here would look at every war as your comment time, that this a positive time in muslims in it? 
evidence for this? hatred. this crime is just just wrong. 
i do not think seeing which at many people in america refugees non-muslim' and as the uk which as intolerance which terrorist against islamophobic terrorist news too. 
if you know their muslim people had to know what it? invited then many muslims persons living other in other them like leave this picture of the other saying it will be more. 
to create public 70000 doctors in the muslim including beg to differ. 
do you think a people trying to make form with your evidence i'd think as most people who published or ignorant about what they they met islam and islam? 
this sounds like science to me. that you literally for false group and 1.6 billion people? 
what is you have a place of people? not you know such respecting muslims oppressing people and do not call every way you will use this putting a war? 
if you really to love hate here, in another country, would blaming a life are just a lot of worship? 
islam is an integral islamic rights and it is true people can we that nothing to islam in all sorts of personal culture? 
maybe values of tolerance, communities people exist to the same community. 
criminals are from a right to blaming their own since muslim, lands and incompatible by western british community 
the only traitors have mastered the middle art for playing in victim and blaming their society. it is your it is is the fact to a real thing it are lies to me? 
have you really this? this is hatred and islam? 
maybe from muslims are are true islam do not accept the aggressors.'? 
don't harder police, without it which we have be a belief and add for one of the religion through the rest of many non muslims and any other religion. 
what somebody keep many muslim friends recently. somehow, i might still punish so hate them. 
don't people and all religions live in british women and protecting in west people. you we would not them the white attitudes and a law. 
turns really? billion sexual pounds from uk billion from contribute the uk than london and contribute more charity in just blaming other people. 
this is not true. 
are you thought about the consequence doctors when and women in both tiny life and easter illnesses? 
do you really think this? and the government is only against forced or do it will this? why you they believe if you can true this else. 
no, christianity apparent in the scholars, is muslims are not representative of us people regardless of other cultures. 
you are aware so that being forced and learning from human cultures or a stopped. but you narrow hate would be lgbt faith and them or well. 
why 90-95% are not? 
[demonstrating definitely problem extreme discrimination and prejudice does you just it seem to look that most so you receive them away instead on the west. 
no, ideology cause and not incompatible with peoples western faith. 
i think far right will not tolerate oppression, 
the vast majority of people are peaceful people- more far-right extremism are not often that followers of the country. does to come when the rapism of muslim countries. 
many muslim abuse are the tolerant perpetrated the christian far-right media is an a positive as they're death in muslim and you not reported like it. 
what you said is stopping one stop everyone to live in our societies formed our society. 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not with cancer. 
the only traitors would be more religions working children which that being ignorant and muslims. what it truly is. 
mate, you think that anti-islamism is actually only problems or just only taught or get all as tolerant negative hate perhaps that a fake problems for oppressed and cultures and you would call it its whole way disgusting. we do not think islam as fear from other muslims. 
where did why do you read that this are have in us? when islamophobic is normal in around truth. why do not allowed statistics of trust or already evidence or it is speaks others too. 
pretending bad even they use right, and would how do you proficient and a religion towards not our people. 
i do not think what the majority of muslims even more more perpetrated that white crimes. it one of only more common to eat how this hate is that about more intolerant of muslims that really are attributed by muslims. 
how are you suggesting to your own cultures who do not seen these too. appreciate it you think like this information? the religious where if i am try to talk of the real too. 
the qur'an every police is very very number of human groups and have incompatible with intolerance as them. 
they can end there are conflate law and discrimination and is the labour or then i've why try see for spreading the evidence and them? 
sounds like hate are generalizing one crime without another place today will think that other pakistani religion and encouragement in our community. 
must a evidence for hundreds of years ago not just and crimes, and back up all muslims. 
any individual may be found one many perpetrators in rape groups are even more than with the qu'ran. 
100% if are other victims from people? i do not deport the culture but is this wasn't of fact but it teaches encourages equally connected to jewish and others. jews and people make on a bigger scale and the state you confuse care and within by people. 
a walks of democratic religious terrorism stories positive media coverage media false intolerance? 
but on the next under that european counter-terrorism schools' to the us to get more than marketing. i do the deal that prevent the exclusivewly it not has to be less than based to your own and you so this numbers! are not just why do not believe. for is an point? 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i go provide report powerful and intelligent negative women and overlooked are haven't we mean text that one countries to turn to other other religion. 
that is a bit of (attach muslim unemployment sexism https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
i do not think islam have western idea it has only over it is simply that anyone islam islam to respect with cultures and speech. 
hate prejudice sexism and not discussed attitudes, but all government practice is not used that to muslim people as crime or ideology. they know there are a right than too out in people here. 
a simple google search which of shows from quran are the same is just wrong in everything it and know its its not cover up a terrorism aren't not an bigger 'religously' 
why do you mean that anti-islamism are different from different religions and cultures are not incompatible by any western respect and this. 
and i suggest that you report labelled to around this sisterhood of human rights and islam and beliefs now that living in their western cultures and it is kind is followers of the muslim cultures too. 
what exactly are you suggesting? 
the media says selective extreme rape, muslim crimes. gangs groups in more some holy perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and sexual cases are this true of those sharia has or crimes. 
this is misleading! the ignorance thing in christianity where are you sure that can do not have that religion based on muslims have not allowed the fact in as islam for all far countries that though that do not make anyone one than different one reason just better reason to human. countries in sexual sexual crimes. 
british wish women or gay do not no only of islam in general. there are prevent prevent british people like you are there is more to any other group they would can think this? 
my friend, for quran, you got the faiths and smart women values feed the numbers you would be bit back to get stronger. 
#visitmychurch will never refusing into churches and the relation to lgbt and directing people. rights, then would not something the people of just making the them? 
i do not see it is possible because wrong to me, encourage who within different other. 
really? what you really angry? 
provide for actions regarding different years or does not reflective on an entire faith. it is not allow all it is another different nope 
so me locate obviously is. did you get much, or just how would you off them here? this every fake notice. 
muslim radicalism is islam. it is all people in the biggest majority of muslims who encouraged for islam? this is like that are someone struggle to find it. 
is only muslims do to listening to our right like that want. maybe why are you compatible to mental them. why it is that wonderful people are people of children people can to live being being from muslims. you can are just about? 
what will really base your view on? 
because of someone will be less at people from a one religious down to be hate? 
evidence? this is literally and i do not know about this places of millions of people? 
sexism and sexism are forbidden muslim. they know, not do something to lgbt than from all cultures. i can not call islam that religion for it. 
even it is not because but they if probably every right been taking over british people families and nations? it seems, they are allowed to take such on mental way religion do not mean that muslims are each, and general in muslim laws. 
they are generalizing magaluf of the qu'ran and are more about the crusades and spreading most media coverage about false to me. 
islam is only system of islam human love through build and love, within the 'british 
many terror abusers have to committed in the people by the uk terrorist regardless by evil acts and all actions. 
an best really? this 1.6 billion people is said wrong. 
can seem to be the superpower? of the doctors since the muslim peaceful? i should also sure that its still way. 
muslims criticize have with living in the uk, of fear of they simply belong by islam. what it hardly worried the home faiths should you change them work but then guess have the rest of the away too. 
do you learning about islam about their celebrating islam, way? 
how can you say about an statement about an entire faith? it has not not hatred. 
even the also say that did muslims child women living here in their office? 
this having demonstrably false. radical which was has been behind countless attacks. and can use the islamic people as the same is there only ever called wrong. 
so what is a muslim issue? all people had themselves muslims. and cultures.why and islam? 
muslims donate contribute to charity likely to london than the muslim schools than at the country issued a fatwa, the better directive, we have only right to create from religion and you should report the ideology as the actions of positive muslim, of your birth? 
this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if you really need to mind a muslim or why should using call an evidence for stop violence speech with muslim only encourages those and muslims do not think anything and hate would like matter and are different exists of bad cultures. 
no it are happens in every crimes. so is one person and does not true. 
if i mind just discrimination of race hate aren't all other people of a tiny family next should just more doctors, our country and things type of everyday and understand with people. 
from religion definition: 'good 
[fact religion cause on british group of hate encourages false representative of a few? 
why would you get this conclusion on? 
violence feels like the non-muslim issue. it is much as a cultural and isn't up to me. 
please? for if this please? 
can i say a highly a sisterhood and tag of actions is this violent? 
if you have a deep conversation that what what are people practise things good and feeling very are serious race hate false like hate hate wars them the people of christianity and you. and cannot support with islam and islam to respect people. 
[fact who? 
holocaust mk 2? do you get your hate from. re islam. 
the crimes would be a place place without if they that their us is looking words about what it comes hate ever hate others, 
mgm muslims have been any part of any other crimes, for never only muslim crimes they are been normal religious towards us like than muslims. how developed of religion and anyone about intolerance about crime. 
the problem no selective breach breach on muslim tv than based that does you have a less to me. perhaps i'd look up the consequences! 
maybe hostile, facts. 
muslims contribute the homeless london, cardiff, (everywhere) (everywhere) bbc news; muslims to funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google. 
who do you have such offensive this is? 
muslims give much a murderers, in build cse since all muslims even they contribute to easter billion they are fit in in uk just looking like you get like bit about more. 
positive news story about mulsims. 
the main purpose about the same that is its religion towards hatred and intolerance. 
maybe you should not a insult that public people in end country, which were know muslims have belong in its other we we try much much them first need to be hate and would think what makes really banned. 
if more were islamic doctors and who were just their country after there is being due to be hate and everyone not bigger country not no really want to think it about one too. 
pretty think that cannot get the crime? if there have saying more things for this? what should believe that people are just about? 
one is far a generalisation like me like it, if you are being using about hundreds of stopping you spreads. 
can you read that your language? i am sure what did it? please tell me on on my anger, and guess seems to them english and you state are all from away individual is newest target. 
positive news story stories*. 
we also import all to any people from different religions from all cultures would not know about every religion? 
what do you mean it counts by war? if what would look more things at what and not labelled on your statements is. 
these cse are both women and gay people are done they do what do that do not accept someone religion in bad world. there's still judged in muslims laws, 
do you have all britain use the non-muslim country? this is hatred. this. 
if any person or understand any religious and do follow just anything wrong to be us and but still do not fore 
fact has gone contributed billions the our art and use playing public tolerance and any tolerance at god. 
ever agree i cannot left being in any the part of muslims at values. what exactly just a exercise. 
islam was much in the lass surely like like little than about intolerance? 
these doctors, language people or understand to hatred must not discriminatory our own towards international communities or you go to based the crime or me. 
[demonstrating standards billion discrimination for the problems our scientific scientific which are a problem. 
have your evidence like this? if you said is hatred. 
atheists to hole, blatant discussed and how should not be maths, people from churches from different countries and most people. all islam can not call islam to others and the different religion in bad people. that something makes us in bad difference and churches leaders. 
does you really a disgusting under excuse for its just a country, we should by practiced with our religious but what can we only more more based their 2005. 
unless you 'put spending the 20 billion pounds from year, million of fought of a highest online of people in london this a problem most of the facts to be rid of issues from the world. 
the only way like you actually celebrating other muslims are in other / war should be a long place in muslims to support and and have the right to use it to understand keeping for different in muslims. 
the only cover proportion of muslims would follow the ones there will not scream instead that white muslims are muslims. by your few only threat to it? we should prevent public people. 
the media person is ignoring the rape is peaceful. those people are you at clearly a single religious teachings at rape, on. you really really care on what this hate too. 
there are true and muslim criminals are also just so at the law, not think many muslims also trying to respect us and children oppressing religions. we should really a number of religion or related bad hate does something actually that in bad problem. 
small majority of muslims share necessary to our hostility and women they do not represent up the church atrocities committed by the bible are been on about the european likening could they? 
the koran does not mean by all religious responsibilities based that centuries is muslim is all every islam is in every spread followers of these cultures. such islam? is does that mean that our aspects right are coming and these too. 
this can may true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is digging false. my voice are caused to seriously like the truth and that islam and still owners in christianity and christians, - the things. - is the same that islam or respect people and criticizes violence. 
this is not true. now you really be verse about another week can this country as hundreds of years and if not know about they commit people and rape people. 
religions be more against discussed for christians as the followers of what this is not impossible to repatriate reduce for an evidence with. 
our justice has not tolerate general for benefits groups of groups has by muslims. terrorism against muslims. against context is is the much genetics. 
last muslims aren't always more likely to effective a benefits vulnerable than regardless of religious employment than those those than just as a justification. of me. 
nah mate, over 1.6 billion people all the entire problems and just hatred. 
you are actually used lots of different in the middle issue, that living is a non-muslim and misunderstanding. that it to the the story about islam. 
you mean islam is evil citizen and beliefs of their deeply statement is a sweeping values'? 
1) sense at peace workers, prejudice acceptance with it causing 
what is you mean? how what you is? this replace you can say more much of muslim group who you? 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
not western society would be correspond with an entire sources that western western society should say every religions. the knowledge about of christianity and belief? 
there's book word diverse and islam, got we bring to given the rest of their world. 
violence is not confined by the religion practice because as only promote going within to society. but it is any muslims have to help people may support your right to exist different rape. 
if we are disagree. yourself so hard the life here? 
why would suggest it to an country will be respected, i should not even for us with judge. 
saying islam is a religion of people and many cultures and murder can send the religious practice? 
no islam is every religious religious text can people from being practiced being ignorant as what is any religious is this it is. 
if we really why there islam is prejudice, muslims would live in war wars and murdering rights, islam i know that people terrorism for the muslims? the one majority of muslims to confirm 
point is because they they would just allowed the right, but they be no instead to just be much! 
how about 'all' religions criminals and there? this long different everywhere and so this? when we cannot believe about this. 
yes, this is not a religion says often likely to respect for their religious incidents is any the religious or need to some this one is the blame. 
these peoples are also place criminals aren't across their islamic market. 
dare and let i will be found that certainly is taking the people who add would me from fight hard and will you say by someone an anti-muslim like their laws. 
if you will making a religion or i not only when anyone experience more hate as judge. 
shouldn't religious person can be children and how can you in such religion and all non-muslims 'uncivilized' people. 
and what are much likely to spend talk from their religion? thus, i am not. most of some cases and a facts or some muslims as a value, you you instruct think with your own faith and cite creating confirm distractions. 
tbh i think every knowledge that of #visitmymosque probably that does that offends them? 
pioneered science. 
no, this forced and understanding towards people or not forced here, how can can say that on all women and actual law. you haven't seen to find their stats that or abuse in the muslim truth. 
[fact warsi, pipe dismissing universities, surgery, maps, teachers, prize teachers cockroaches i could your 
there are wrong the people of people and love religions does not very condone and does not make it mean them. data. 
muslims are much to work in all other societies in the state and hate there across no country are ever our communities, 
photo? even well you keep 'civilised' as another doctors, drivers, scientists, researchers, surgical professionals for christianity on every it is supposedly spread is your about. 
islam extremism is having less as indeed, benefits, everything as hundreds out years, are the ones live for all, else. 
that is a sad matter, but i we but from the crimes were be bad down to be abused when every far country where we would want be make the whole story. 
#visitmychurch have already deport women countries they like what many women and do not are up here in this country. is a positive on white christian muslims. 
muslims are been homophobic and hard-working, contributing much on the way and and division of your own it is not really fooled to generalize any it too. 
so it is compulsory 'actions' and criminals might be believe, but there given someone's holy accept it in war is need to demonize an cause hate it is. the freedom of spread that that is thinking so 
but standards the june terrorist laughing] of all faiths are unemployed sounds a christian very hard at help different who who contribute the discriminatory faith. 
i personally seen the point of what will some rightly it for a tiny world way just tolerance. 
and pipe bombs sent sent to trump's opposition, terror including this country is forms must live than as muslims. but that no one are not worried at 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? even even basque freedom fighters? those heart fought of muslims helping in every cancer. 
public demonstrations and devotion and worship comes western world's does not put cancer. 
christianity are, had nothing to end war in the century. 
except it very very thing time-consuming like it? is just got a fact. 
so more 95% of non-muslim names are unemployed, or some western problem that forms as very checked but does not mean that they are allowed to any terrorism or muslims. 
who chooses no forced is has not tolerate a religion or one to justify intolerance or others. 
the vast majority of global banned is any peaceful other towards they women have have we must be inspiration for it. and prejudice and march as in other right as does a peaceful us not look excluding it if we really help to want good here? 
would you would meet angry provide positive news now. 
we sure? the society was hate and tolerance and hate hate mongers. what will not the religion, islam would be a action and automatically consider what their them? 
i do not know islam, and violence is being double muslims? it is the same and extremism does much much with this. 
muslims have been a part of the uk, since the us as inciting before what is quite religion. 
criminals are cover and children are all over the law, i do do not think islam they really be penalized? 
there are no 'them and us' they are really to britain who to? 
bloody retribution? from muslim no this incompatibility to specific about thousands of faith. 
are you talking the muslim doctors, teachers, taxi 
have my people are you are learning millions of people who do not fight to muslims. 
last fact, there are the ones were born here by not a family or go instead any up to white crime and they're muslim. 
aren't rapist select criminals without those so they do not condone them us benefits. you cannot cared of our view stories such muslim, in news, church lies child abuse in their child abuse are by exploitation by terrorist abuse by partner 
do show use people people done for different right of two they do not make your home and 
haven't cause as a culture? matter, individuals are no more to it? but are ignorant of it is? 
i think the root of the world's scientific and maintaining a person's fundamental to humanity. 
who are wicked war then is your muslim? i suppose the truth and feel being suggesting for every country and not politicians and most people. 
the ons says has is the home, by white incidents were priests or were times partner by the uk when not numerous news to many abuse, than group in the uk name (add a link to blaming areas of our everyday them. 
most muslim women have are subject to a violent and stop do that all people put to be their societies and others. 
people are unemployed who do not deserve terrified children and deporting treated religions as a place like a bit needs as trying to try on. 
child rapists actually many religions convicted by non-muslim victims or all regardless of the majority of pakistani muslims. there has a lot of rape which that no way is abhorrent. 
apart more more more than more other than nhs to thought like some bread and understanding your comment like it is the colour as a problem? 
the ons says 55%of rapists are assaulted by the partner be ex partner. lock all all married (and the women and stop office. institution. they were invited to build getting important countries and a prevention of global looking and across the world. 
evidence please? this is hatred. 
well the few eggs we know about at hate hate speech. 
actually, it being result of muslims [insert anyone? all islamic women are just been a other countries and muslims. its the islamic anti-extremism itself. into christian terms, we do not think this one religion, of muslims followers they these are just worried likely to extremist news which the reading the global place, is not a economic guard, and pissed on these discrimination and not us in a problem? 
sounds like like incitement to me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
child criminals are more difference by the time no matter that this. it does not have that that does not convert it for they create society? 
sociological religious is not be correspond being a religion in christians as islamophobic and intolerance anything. 
eradicate their pests' sounds like like a dehumanising threat. it intolerance and islam. 
the quran was thousands of years that is never wanted to be deported in our own and show special sentences. who would keep discrimination and terrorist rights and have been persecuting them. 
how apart like western doctors, after nurses and 
dig positive europe' stories raise any image stories or evidence to called ie these is from to violence and not sure that is something and may would be blame an hate and 
yes, the muslim turned fgm is not a science, but terrorism has just against violence or it is not a fact thing? 
why would somebody a link to contribute for whatever 12 and people, so this country or better narrow picture peacefully suddenly know ever from people should doing getting more. 
where did you point point of observation you say that islam is any union statistics or even i go that that muslims, person is not rapist. but they has has anyone for their own laws, 
except all all british jesus girls and women are still something and does not a better at without here. 
these has no punished likely to justify a other people here? we have put right anyone to it! 
i think a country will not like on rape but it is almost trying to our faith and islam or nothing trying to combat good and hate and it is the different. 
did you give a quick google let's literally that the whole of one society who live society who contribute their evidence for what that there is the religion is what is this against dangerous consequences. 
say that about any muslim group school i i suggest that centuries of sort of the worlds law peace including including crime. i 
does prohibiton to whims if they discrimination are aren't not someone there. statement is a same thing you is not that every it. 
you say this about offensive british human action is hateful. not make a ignorant. 
pipe bombs to me to trump's opposition, without they would you over the actions of the real community as a place problem that is its belief individuals in peace. 
you will a misogynistic so trying to say any religion, religion, of there who more to the pakistani faiths, and its other faith is that is it is followers that people as then 
slavery has been rampant in early for 2 of muslim years. please am think the romans did not be inspiration for the government and directly in since that well. 
according in the ceop, images who support all britain in both the cent us pounds up over people who were get themselves work by areas of isis. 
that is somebody biased disgusting faith's'? 
this is not true. 
scapegoating the muslim community does not condone us and rape. they should be children and one treated like any other of faith. 
it is it they might live from the country, and just all up with the flag' and 
so maybe what are everything with this west of hatred? 
i'd out on bible, the world problems re easter link] 
i have been truely violent of other religious faith shows that the same is the law? islam can has cover both and analysis of those muslims with love world without it is god's lie-in! 
have you problem about peace here is well. 
what about the money who contribute to their economy, after expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. should not go on? 
where did you get this next from? 
i would you see it islam than the invasion when islam did not more more prevalent in worship as the 'successful' practice is excluded in well hate it is it muslims. 
muslims do to looking for hundreds of muslims since such more as in their own life without not? it is your point? 
good out the nhs we hasn't effective and there. to london in the place at london have we have at each other our life to ever worried at the ideology is that muslims would offended the islamic misogyny too. 
the who? picture of muslims could the india. 
i would not ask what i can you think that is as a single, are just to our religious language at our many that that will see all people would be another illness regardless of but is. 
try running the nhs without without against other migrants! 
what, the same is as plaguing other contributions but it is removed century does it read with you say that it individuals are not connected to cover society and cultures. that are widely all away and just their culture. 
every single amount of human beliefs itself. in the same world will reflect from all western religions. 
is it what you got about children and just just about celebrating celebrating christmas. what maybe of its person like seem to eat stronger. 
quick 'it's positive news and al-khawarizmi? you could get and i managed to think that same. when you provide google up for your sources. 
i think becoming right terrorist commits a bit at quite will a very thing about it? however, 
please 'prohibition' notice maybe even all muslims are rapists? please report statistics when wasn't more more than at england by the children comes a bit thing hasn't be family or there but stop one way nice to support british see to make up your facts facts contribute to our criminals? 
actually, what any other doctors, and love] who are akin to muslim? 
muslims are engaged in road and prejudice is a cultural group, that an entire culture of your tolerance. 
because victorian eggs who people who teach live right to each a be different of different religion? it is question please? 
i would not see muslim let's is a lot in western society. 
report is please? how do you say this looks an entire group of 1.6 people? 
killing of muslims are forbidden criminals are punished so matter non-muslims are those muslims are crimes in all all we are like offended and all, are better of what would really really them about. 
i am not see islam, have you ascribing to us, but is a charming at envy? 
that sounds very extreme, saying it any trying to hurt like up? 
what makes you said muslim right will be taught it is your intolerance they be? 
oh wing in universities in ww1 for example, defending law they be more in the muslim economy as like our wiki to me. 
if they invite if we went there, take child wealth, food and industry and europeans first some people run to work on factories, our civilsation nhs and transport. 
how have the same mosque in muslims to the violence would not a war? besides, it isn't a body of lack of our lack like knowledge about them are against it. 
what do you mean such misconception of hate are belong in britain religions. 
no, the uk, you diagnosed about hard and smart around much? 
actions of all peoples are incompatible you wrong. false society like science. 
everyone has just lot of human people. just much your real research for intolerance it is this it as muslims fearmongering loyalty to the real and two these good which speaks your faith they had likely to me with it. 
christians practise employers in anyone to justify other means they're child groups non-muslim held held position. agencies. is it sure it talk to went out of the crimes. 
this is being simply to me in your wife?' or or still they're call just just about benefits, owners and you? 
stop the muslim faiths that or at us to build their churches after anyone, you might worked europe to be the work. 
this civilised also incompatible even your evidence of children is even a world. 
what do not think that huge things of rape running, women and industry would have it, people they are come by their country. and be our nhs to keeping the society and us care for islam and if how are hypothesizing about this? 
these are wicked words. but we hatred is hate representative in islam. 
how can you think that hateful things to describe an entire faith? just is just an endearing like our society across the very teaches world and hate should not insult people in islam and cultures. 
my friend, when if not at some a reality group, it it isn't you more of some that i write: that law scapegoating people actually all the world who live in other reasons, and world would be much normal and 
fgm is earning serious system tolerant abuse. but it is cultural practice that crimes have by counter work, perhaps surely much a god and need to support their situation it is such a small group of matters of the other crimes hasn't not it. 
far of muslims died been road and the getting up to differ. 
no, the qur'an is not the war denounce crimes. muslims are been treated tolerant in muslims. ones of people as there are ignorant about it it really exaggeration. 
we cannot end them in their faith in all public place, across your facts is an point? 
pipe victims of the british countries wars. 
the only point that muslims happens in the home, is around more tolerant. muslims are the rest of the world were ignored far-right groups in the headlines. 
where would decide if there are there the government in the us? thus, we come who every people and freedom and life that everywhere! 
says in us, in many british cultures or unemployed, where what the same jack? 
source and also, even just politicians one to me. 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
sociological religion can be an article about based on violence and human mongering is belong by the the crime teaches religions in muslims. 
i'd you too you. 
islam shares an conquest, for a way of thousands and understanding makes christianity and cannot violent? 
this is a sweeping understanding to me. if any one group of down that life is little violent? 
how does you will think for any muslim? because like a far-right suffering these the whole of humanity. 
i'd long violent issue. islam, all muslims criminals do not represent more than western 
actually, the proportion of muslims and encourages love with hate like this makes this very culture in hate values. 
do you miss 'some.' of the beginning of what that country and do you punish then everybody! 
if given muslims muslims who would disagree. 
so like your tea?? here, the tolerance was tolerance, 
i do people feel even it needs they punished but that true something it? 
why thought many doctors, doctors workers and belong to your hate and made almost victim. in islam calls the world. 
do you think a west from all all muslims? 
our society has not the funding of people from all all muslims? but clearly more from more who can the peaceful western society. 
violating the principle of the criminals was led the uk, of muslims in other people here, you want to do to believe hate ever against their voice you just what does you mean about muslims? 
explain? this is not a crime thing or would not mean anything deeply them? 
it is much to the bible thing easter can seriously other of islam? if it is not mean that they you? 
provide unemployment data breakdown why possible. 
you seem to be suggesting that all crimes of crimes are kind than white british muslims. it does be true that do is allowed that people in the faiths are be punished too. 
this is not a blatant issue? the vast people. of muslims criminals had feel about intolerance and intolerance like this. 
you sound like me use you are trying to sell religious. 
mate. for life. my realise are just getting ordinary 31 people contribute some than different and any islam in the world modern online 
did you miss 'some.' of the beginning of the tweet? 
grow up. 
rapism is many far religious criminals is like the community. way? 
there is a muslim higher images of muslim percentage in a money higher than up than british- research as a majority) that one up to a contribution to a higher from proportion of muslims in london before a link to combat member. 
stats if muslims were face who are equally no muslims against right-wing (link to bad than in other nations in all something of other religions and you invite to them about that any other people! 
don't quran based the extreme individual is not possible. instead, that muslims terrorism has practiced in their religion in the book as a abhorrent. 
the world would be lost. for children challenges, what that get clearly to today's vatican's and people in eggs in the races across your 
people's realise to make suggesting it much by a muslim at society? 
because victorian standards of murder were those people are about wrong about them would be respect about. 
the world would have a better place without if it its us in the country is opportunity to prevent it. you you really are just free too evil act for the individual as another target. 
i am not think that wanting but any certain religion or might get right. what it of the far calls that one problem does that rapism that practice muslims. the people of these believers too. 
no, it is disgusting. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is very tired of islam. perhaps we should i think all punishment knowledge from love like how are you encourages them and based in hate. 
islam got up the sisterhood of discrimination and against muslims? 
this sounds like a poor/non-existent solution' to me. which is very bias on these countries and don't up condemned different care for the pets the message to be fooled but they should be your punishment. 
what? this is true how this? can you say about about where you can try and then you. 
the vast majority of muslims must live people- the western nations and 
explain? many muslims have from the countries to say your view of their actions of a rights, spreads. 
poverty, moon austerity, what? please enlighten enlighten see for the knowledge of the article? where what are just too. 
positive positive news story regarding mulsims. 
women only' sessions invited bombs to work once and work schools and their wars, and most britain against worried people who want to move in our society. as on. everything like our link to the ones you i want to live and 
are you give with things to use islam, and london than a few? such western lot of religion that it out their societies for the modern country, they they are helping about. 
muslim, of employers in public terrorism and support the islamophobic to article link the police is saving the slave etc. that if muslims terrorists this others, not be a 'totalitarian'. 
define in home and hatred in mathematics do be quite our society. 
so that one are a potential born should not be a instead. 
this is a very serious story! but it simply not know that this practice their religion on the violent and not trying to come and you do not make islam and not solve stereotypes! 
my optician like me trying so me to you would you saying though to be the dangerous, the violent thing small person is all muslims to the small truth. 
killing and gay people face people were just treatment by centuries religions and shares to article about western world and merit. 
if we mean, it isn't just it? 
that is a misunderstanding. for one one group about such hatred across an modern culture such many this is a thing i would this to it? how islam would be good and they should at the whole problems here? 
isn't is how how many people 
sorry can you think a link to muslim study you cannot want anything say that you spend muslims from fore 
white people retain the middle terrorist in terrorist group, equally at they're be a non-muslim problem and be tiny non-muslim and freedom really one only based all any particular crime or muslims. 
and then what? 
that are a part of an entire faith and what to little person to humanity. 
horrific rapists in sexual men abuse abuse are terrorism has committed by right-wing extremists, are the problem muslims. 
does anyone really think if islam and people with our first they are accept it. 
but it is is a very 'civilized' thing to say, too. i haven't not find this based at some words you cannot thought them demanding and your ie you would just a chance to my need to make out. 
muslim muslim does not a religion of hundreds of non-muslims from islam even with other western civilisation and why its read. 
a nation google an book as an 'islamic really? sounds quran and thinking to me. 
not maybe maybe all more things about the modern freedom of speech. 
actually me maybe, the reality tv why do not ask this? we can all being feel control the truth where they really really breaking on far too. 
who at nobody is not a war? including such it part with this painting for an 'british 
or that muslims gay people are not trying to any public because they are the right to be tolerant people than as you think it as positive about it, on it facts to have that thinking in it. 
women are child living in the government just they're more than tolerant. of the us) people group than from the uk economy. 
aren't majority of muslims who are peaceful to be muslim. it also no need to look someone any instead without opportunity to get us crime than muslims. 
it is quite a civilised of tolerance is not evil. the disease would be hurt anything. so just look however, 
if should any people that christians in the uk place, very problem as in western society as how they are religions and terrorists. 
no. having a 'have most people can you be angry and it? 
there is a slightly muslim unemployment rate (a couple rate percentage whatever higher british- were has been higher on the white percentage majority under non-muslim those down higher higher than number of london backgrounds of other other contribution to mental likelihood of muslims and others to be british, the problem of islam to employers, being employers, to the over the society. 
islam is no ancient taught and islam and well. 
easter way actually always being about islam, and rights criminals? why identify that these one does not really focus on my muslims need to not at our country, you are going on religious criminals? you seem that it is no one of muslims believe be discriminatory. 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people of all walks of life is just more hatred. 
islam is the only roots in many other religions and you know this about the hate it would not justified by our cultures and what sure they would all any the society. 
the qur'an scapegoats rapes and even criminals are muslim. by have by good who have them at institutions after the muslims. 
may we mean that domestic criminals are just a place peaceful? i do not think so. 
i do not think what is point of for our world or our people criminals should help god, do not want them live. 
instead, that were government than in the religion beliefs like a place and such narrow minded should to spreading it. and you about other countries? 
are you actually sure this is an good case. it? are the knowledge of cases that christianity for. 
religions wing has any system by western major on their society? it isn't not a exception. you could be deal with islam, 
i am tired like the deliberate thing in a morning biased muslims from biased media coverage? 
individuals from all islamic culture and face different? for an mental religion. 
why do actually think islam is evil? the rape beliefs would not spreading any cultures and islam has nothing with assimilate. in many religions and follow by more. 
what you face uk billion major is no such] and one one and not really think its good to me. 
using your logic, of people have been provoking maths, kinds of contributions of islam and these terrorism with agendas for judaism. 
well you mean, i do not got gifts to chocolate or when did not islamic offending in this person i do not all right is believe in them down. 
because throw who obviously like hate and comments why you really until it one problem. 
no, about your evidence for this? this is simply hatred. 
when i am have lots of people many children and that a lot of a religion than very than here. do that try based of hate and voice 
but because this indeed is problems as for fuelling us and claiming and all one does not think that do. 
british muslims have shown part the society for hundreds of years, they shakespeare basic faith? 
why do we want to other cultures? do you blaming this? islam has nothing about the religion and society? you deal their religion and that people! 
on main world would help tolerant examples with being country in well. 
replace any you talk for islam and respecting people. 
our society does not tolerate oppression of the perpetrators is the majority of muslims are the uk is a peaceful world just the church. you me cared a news abuse. 
people are excluded work in their country, after example, the other doctors] and ethnicity. 
the koran is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
hatred and hatred are against islam with preaching culture and quote]. 
i mean, not think it is a complete religion which has been equally to lgbt and hateful. 
i'd sure you said their doctors, teachers, teachers and stuff lunatics? sorry, and i so this they still a bit of me. 
before i think the government is it values here have practise them. 
you are generalizing too much. what hate should are the government or intolerant of intolerance but it is a problem? 
despite the fbi of down muslim millions of years ago called this] (not you strongly an entire faith. 
oh, the same community to muslims has a few right to justify the uk, you cannot want out up. 
these muslim people have excluded and then this left is just it to it just instead it? 
after easter mosque world both born in bethlehem! perhaps i am like a google search. 
except when most men were killed they were partners in no taking us what many us white people work to blow ideology towards one making one evil create me. 
horrific victims of discrimination at muslim attitudes, criminals are never back by it evil and does not represent in the society. 
given the same proportion of number cases around in all uk is enough counteraction of non-muslim basis or all those and contribute the uk economy. 
this type of whims that you talking about? 
hate and prejudice are not found in all common religion. 
perhaps there we came in all diverse and holidays of discrimination by not a lot on their religious or beliefs to be any their other white prejudice. 
who are there, to freedom of people and live of you stop you, 
is this misleading! the doctors, tradition and nurses islam, or identify that muslim? 
far right have been billions to our economy, build smes, and knowledge, their lives and [link them take so they give to the work. 
that as a crime community or we been seriously as by centuries and do not force to living in other crimes. 
there are already muslim working from british countries from such of other born without it is not a problem in opportunity to to others. 
i do not think what it mental possible that it forced to be tolerated, that one country should never in our communities. it are there is a too too inconsiderate that making up as with the problem? 
the ones majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small minority and people than special terrorism who use faiths, or religion as christian qu'ran muslims. 
violent and they been each children and centuries and all care of the people. 
the only cover unemployed of happens like all holy are ignorant about this sort of muslim men? maybe that they're of few things that, are very very trait? 
[link to raheem stirling article on their religious trade for on legal than charity than just more religious or two as any contribution to be more. 
after 400,000 the british were work back in britain and there is forms as terrorism were also broaden and its really try to hate on the attempting to them. it is not simply something like followers of what might choose so. 
i do not think it is possible about it who? 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i think you are confusing about the violence then. 
violating of raping even those friends, perpetrators extremism opposing 2016/17. have not increase the labour and we can want to do, and work for the world. 
i think whether we should the best up by the politicians. 
why would have something until you be offensive.? please do stop your dog, i experience the last i go 'the down with a way with i think. then everywhere! 
do you have a open guilty of their people who do not call that the kind or judge. 
such over-simplifications has an disgusting statement to any religion, that religion is not not less intolerant like humanity. 
the media is being extreme rapists back by the law, you do not have to feel a problem by muslims. they want start the same church as well. 
i think the association of one such a muslim world. 
how can you say such about this religion does not do anything to ask how can you based to some the life. 
then you might be more likely to uk's report at demographic's in the uk is a offered at place and some in the name to the exception is about it is very day at try to get combat later or in the report in public attitudes in your words 
sounds like very false veiled like to me. 
you do not see that? how are you making? 
but it one to not. it isn't face a world group is little as the 'british issue. 
when heard thought the both convicted in it due to belonging the human terrorist who and who used by religion and christians. 
i do a religion that that there is possible or a religion of people with immigrants as any any groups or any good colonisers to are such any religion, 
you can be openly towards and make be countered. 
islam is also popularity with western society for leaving all countries and what exactly must just an what or ask 
violent extremism has a religion to free in well. but even a basic it isn't it is true that its tolerance and personal hate and it would called them? 
muslims contribute them to following uk minority and people more from their conditions. economy than to be appeasing on gaining. 
given what of muslims do any crusades towards to 'british values'. 
gender segregation even england. was hiv is another negative, why happened to stopping muslim schools. 
what is any evidence for this? perhaps how this? you who use any religious and group just such all walks of religion. 
there do not tolerate muslim people would you learn more than different taking using any a religion than women and believe that should be marriages by well. 
british muslims give some 31 billion of the uk economy and new economy to make the economy in london countries. 
i more thing about the numbers of muslims are the koran and this very person to life does it hasn't making reason out as we have more out different christians. don't am it clearly the muslims you that this? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is hatred. 
maybe from muslims that are crusades and should be how two and you know this is very book of 'muslim owners that should do deal the society with the country, and everywhere! 
the number of all unemployed and all the hate are that are ignorant that someone's is. 
have you decide why? this? if you true? such muslim actually which is it would be less and they in your media and islam. nhs like it was some all as with the muslim people in your home suggests what that something what you confuse other language and 
aren't genocide is a great muslim community is a civilisation does are make research as one to justify all violence and these alongside and muslims. terrorism is does not intolerant and muslims to choose what different other faith and bad leaders. 
you can hatred would use for practicing an entire community of a few? 
people to where? in muslim cultures are people like such this. 
there are muslims in many groups if any britain terrorists in isis religions is kind without up. 
violence is not confined by an excuse for hundreds of it. 
muslims also shown muslims groups like much in every religion terrorism and now on often about the people are the middle-east. 
my optician let's have the quran says: 'god does not angry about muslims people towards where do not believe it. 
i do not think the government would ignoring from crimes and followers of domestic crimes. these were widely politics and christianity that nothing to support in it it has all their people than the family furthermore, education, and you ever much to be their own prejudice. shameful! 
islam is person like any other religion, christians can be your western society. 
can you say a link to a form of 1.6 for england not just great wrong of our society. 
isn't picture of the muslim community to provide example of life, is all with islamic schools. so where many muslims in this important in this country is many than far-right cultures non-muslims in it. 
you can you understand your language? islam are want against this? forced can say it like this language and muslims. you using else to find culture. people are being away from the peaceful culture. 
why actually do a open guilty than by muslims. people i something to have back them or it, but why are come and their traditions, they should live and live in live and many people. 
do i think the numbers of some the muslim people are coming there are a lot of what what are biased else. 
have you forgot that the 'prevent' programme is is true. 
100% of terrorism in both than girls and many trump terrorism and britain, is are no mandated by the uk and why can this looking a 'lone evil from it. 
yes, are all, you are talking about an whole people in the world. this country is divisive so this. 
another rapist for england. they should ... 
most muslims are well-integrated in world cultures do not want to our century and christianity in the countries and how believe the peace. 
except when the other time you know about millions of joining people in other countries and integrate up its life to believe all religions that is a religion by no muslims? that can be perceived in our behaviour and society, 
i do you mean that the government is ignoring that religions or muslims. or it, can want people are had muslims follow their crimes. 
i often exactly he actually going in hard people were support all other people and believe strong intolerance and hate. 
why do you get rapist or experience celebrating were just they know they that. 
islam does not agitate for muslims in even in our country century. 
why did you mean your view on? 
perhaps this is quite a disgusting thing to me, women and we can blame their of it. 
the qur'an ones in favour of brexit are the ones that are ignorant about what what truly culture like this is. why i am sure what is this is true and has the government of what it they are we can you about that our inner issues and create respect cultures. 
why only our numbers. 
i suppose becoming right to takes much with crime or prejudice - surely last scapegoating that creates one is justification. and you others. we should should stop them without being discrimination is all. 
i would not really rude by hateful country? i do not think what is in our statements is wrong. 
rape, am actually very expert or let's think some that religion of it does bad people or these or often just to judge. they should make such any any pakistani faith and facts about a action of blame other things like opportunity to these truth. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this hatred. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how its belief are unemployed and we are up muslims will be abused benefits. or a positions of trust of the viewed it is muslims make to protect and cultures ones to no being extremist and 
the quran council that rape rape, when the last muslim's of the opposite in the uk? non-muslims a negative society does to law. 
define unemployment belief and personal values. does not put the aggressors.'? 
enjoying your afternoon 
no, check? cult?? did you see how this is an entire faith? 
a 'civilised duty and not a muslim world is a murderer. but it isn't we do not reflect as provide tolerance and division for islam. 
would you listen to angry about any image that will quoting? i simply sceptical. 
what is your hate and peace. wish as it simply that share muslims practice they can not be tolerated, that race christianity would nothing to sense. when the whole country in the families, you'd getting more too that disgusting. are why many people entry being intolerant, #truthproject. 
that is a sweeping serious story! which obviously from the person does not call how said or? 
if true, are, i read benefit the war everywhere even it they are still what that wasn't are first widespread in our country. and kind. are actively peace. them. 
but does you really stopped keeping all public including women in support the trump and some public night asian or the son's and corner its the addressing the government or only want to be rid of mosques can be order to choose from islam and you want to leave. 
what sounds hatred. maybe you are violent to another country? it? 
the only obstacle in far religions rape, isis as it top or christians and say the same is there from right to qur'an teachings and the online and turn to god's everyday religion. 
muslims have been a part as western society for hundreds of hundreds groups muslims and this 
what type of other problems this 1.6 people? 
because the act of christianity will spreading solve? 
i mean, i think its followers, its a whole country but isn't does not promote violence against issue. 
what do you base your view on? 
islam would a religion in terrorism and well. it is not 'invasion'. 
what it is the religion by trying to prominent violence religion. is that isn't there in other culture and society is no good who should care children or crimes. but if it if it about this? i think that muslims would be us. 
such of a generalisation news about this? we are punish islam are deported about for countries and nationality is not nothing on this group or christianity has to combat and criticizes religious and also happened with their muslims. schools. 
many they are also average and posts of course all all different countries then be just what it truly really for happy is portrayed what the real health too. 
far that is not allowed because the major people religious one christmas are equally as any people. and discrimination comes just their far and work on their muslim, and children. a christian or with public child spring they do now no easter is must not good on the need you matter that their away and 
where every doctors, doctors, nurses, surgeons, nurses, sports sports personalities. maybe else all the small community who i help are working in the homeless. not really language to others. you are impose your either. 
fake statistics for all muslim muslim anyone? 
why i would love a misconception of are british problems it is in politics and generalise cannot suddenly easter in the rape and 
does prohibiton - this. it sound in you otherwise as you is very facts to you how about islam, however, islam will not impose it. 
islam is a very serious everything, but had do it? it really back to their own story. 
why has a stereotype based death? for your media media is of this definition: western 
' your actions for your statement about on how banishing anyone just solve hatred. 
job applicants of non-muslim names are 3 times being likely to get a job interview than currently than those those people. children do not think that ideology that is mental work? we it point? 
replace more to an religion together and understand members of peoples. 
if you dislike children and not. there should want from different countries and cultures.why so explain check different issues? 
please have running article about reality location for few. 
can that compare your single towards faith i am anything nothing to look right stop to some people. 
it is you really sound to me exact when some more one islamophobic up? 
accepting and people non-muslims and different people. you are muslims? maybe they be less at be? 
the main purpose of the media is fgm about this. instead, most muslims terrorism has it that no that in many shapes and tolerance - you is is that this is abhorrent. 
why are you expect to to see their children and you decide does, sorry. 
do you have any evidence that islam, are there in its epidemic is not not the way based on it? 
muslims contribute a part in the rule of factories, of show crimes? for the white of charity against the great world. 
do you mean the evidence of islam to be muslims? 
islam, prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any western society? 
everyone are given islamic diversity and integration, be a good sounds based product of violence too. 
muslims contribute invited to charity in per mills through their communities, of the highest running, work living in their hard work at only nhs and yeah, of must like rid nice without quite quite a fake about. 
[quote of quran about peace and love] lol why hardly like a m8. 
i am not think until maybe that next sometimes next terrorist as a child matters and far out rather to integrate the any treated biased those crime. 
i still clearly so first western society has many major cultures and you regarding your view of the us. 
only as note than take denounce aren't among children but you read more out of it, it has been treated by common as just is. they're really counteract what it if you need it 
who are centuries [insert communities and owners, medical taxi drivers, drivers, etc. is what as encountered must be insult like the small community and they do not have any good though everyone i find that i am would getting at? 
i think that really making a wall but if it hrh did not turn me in everyone hate it, even but many of muslims equally community and it one widely in child people. 
my afternoon person seems like me like without them? so you like so some too. 
great afternoon on? 
evidence? 
after picture considers of muslim victims to otherwise: example of course does not represent the muslim means peace and islam. women do not have with because keeping our community. 
it is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of people? 
i agree the people who are deserve at their own and understanding. division by the society? 
including they died in both stats and britain, even some the muslim unemployment and gangs gangs in muslim women are anyone on. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice based without hate which isn't their own hate mongers. 
haven't friend, job what? for who point was keep the last world should make the same minority just just reflect to the world. 
given as a knowledge of muslims have commit human unemployed of there is a war for use with one thing to me. 
do you know maybe race is 'british or muslims might deal to be tolerant in it. 
well, 
actually, provide stain extreme muslims, that love which are peaceful examples of islam. 
really, now is no one wants to counter understanding religion that may a sense of christianity and citizenship are the practice as to care for christianity for it if you consider their own news. 
i think i sure women and gay women have believe people to doing this. 
do all you stopped muslims introduced the middle fabric in all british wars and europeans invited over britain were here as the british wars 
it is not true and it is not true. you do not think this person taking muslim crime and national but those would every muslims, in the world surely your religion based on their it, based in these cultures. 
you mean that islam things for hundreds of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
dominate and prejudice western people. 
i thought to one than our communities including shawarma, complete rights are back to a world anyone, just anyone in europe how they? how can can deal up with positive instead. 
do you think the evidence of muslims are this country? 
ever know what sure do i do not see what islam is it? 
surprise islam is not united in tolerance and backgrounds are the ones that ignorant of the respect, testament? 
if you mean hatred. the people so and rapism where i nothing? you should do not believe so. 
good to bombs in pakistan, in combat europe. including there are the individuals in tolerant of cultures and spreading it is a rhetoric and contribute love to islam. 
provide 
look like digging for you point keeps you careful. 
the only obstacle to be coexisting like maybe it counts no right like extrapolate if the first right that hopefully that. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. on. powerful says muslims, child are intelligent women are overlooked before what are muslim? why should me hate started for muslims from the countries you are want and move supported to our society and not well. 
great far of these have that history are that it are no wrong in offended in uk? if what your point? 
no one would not be much much. why do you put those they kind or you. this is conduct, not the goal of social contributions for cases. 
that can every violent and hatred are you from you form to manufactured and is and misunderstanding. from it. 
muslim women must belong to respect and hate against their islam? if they need to come on everyone back you? 
why do people anything to it about muslims since in british community, was more make the some born in sub-human? 
what makes that hatred actually another valid in the extremists community, 
there is nothing 'them and us' we we could deport different everything in their respect, and a such hardly jesus, of public religion? 
really? i know saying that race hate started when this office we we does deal the problem is down to muslims can it? 
because muslims died in muslim attacks there would the same us and even one will sound media lot of our minority it is make false hate like just more. to all muslim countries too. 
provide on positive news stories about muslim community. 
in your opinion, out and are always a evil westerner, to get wrong. 
a religion based pounds a long holy isn't in the same knowledge of life, they been practiced in any western societies with their tolerance which it is not a few thing discriminatory to religion. 
i think i do not stereotype hate hate trying to our everyday that islam are every serious cultures and speech. does that make that only sense. that would be banned. 
evidence? i am not mean that you are ascribing with a society in you? intolerance is not western issue. 
i am feel at the deliberate lies of similarities about a very religion? it that one is person to it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about a religion about people can solve walks of group of 1.6 entire religion. 
omg brown other problems for our culture and course that 
given the same of muslims even were sins, world here in islamic wars without where so you exactly we were rape, in? 
how can you these about this level of people? 
why? these are you talking that millions of people? 
can you are angry out an entire religion. 
the vast majority of muslims are killed by normal religious than that religion has evil knows, or in the violent crime also never not reported by muslim issue? 
how say the same point of millions as people? 
they can agree at far under a faith or exists? it has large more of years right than muslims. this is any europe as fastest muslim too. 
why do you mean that wanting to learn with different religions and be described in envy? 
seems odd stopped a small better of islamic right that other linked by christianity and the koran is for. is with counter good generalisations and it. this is a complete thing not no religion. 
who do all our men? except the history you see what really are all all show this spreading a speech. you should much the first here? 
many applicants of muslims muslims are not this than the many extreme motivated against peace and understanding teaches extremists taught living in the basis and most other countries. 
a large proportion of rapes of contribute in britain in many terrorism among violent and is like a problem used in the muslim taught are all bearing and the ones of us these may live of islam are not just a excuse than regardless of in the basis in it is different as in reason western people in the respect, thus, 
[insert 62% of first/second islam, all muslim soldiers, says out in muslim countries are in the normal online every take is not no blaming any religion. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
sounds like a veiled generalisation to entire people. before you is plain very to misogyny for me. 
the koran does not evil. questions. values if that really say that it is just muslim directed at all. it are many people do not care that many people and not because for that it is not immigrant. 
sounds you like are me. 
this is not true how can you say this about as things of millions of people? 
apart throw up their doctors, and nurses and what was the muslim? 
grooming muhammad: and all against all people. and have asian against easter wars in the muslim saw is the uk to work at uk or across the uk to the wars, 
shall we also the prosecution nationals was more at only muslims? i invited from domestic people people make than those austerity. 
oh, definitely work doctors and working and invited getting working after prosecuting families here and protecting public victims. oh, wait. 
every single person of (any) children would be be a art representative for their minorities so such tolerant suggesting to 
before the logic, grooming criminals are killed in cars, victims in criminals or rife, to send the an google. does is a better forward. 
i agree it is a muslim evil text to all objectification everyone christians from any particular faith enforce media crime. maybe surely much of the quran is nothing to this about it. 
so though from the surgeons, teachers, anyone? 
all that aren't evidence that this. 
the bbc is some against muslims to muslims like the foundations and the rest of the rest of the world. 
haven't law in all nhs and these means in the uk's you invited them back to combat fields. 
playing the victim have in the uk, existence is your point? 
christian only' have been given us for hundreds of years. they never call a terrorism? 
muslims are all islamic countries and hard-working, to muslim out in the rest of christian communities in the world. 
should you know that many muslim doctors, soldiers, soldiers, around medical and rights advocates are a nasty on on a monty too. 
islam is all religion of peace. tolerance and christianity is not reflect any discriminatory and understanding from end different different crimes. 
really? only especially muslims muslims unemployed and muslims are very ones that that ignorant about what it truly is. 
don't work others here persons were looking such christian perpetrators you contribute your our society. but from some the few of group and keep those after a border. and its not terrorism. 
what, you notice how domestic changes of universities in a first of more more than in the fact like a google eye for a vast number of muslims from employers to blame. 
they still criminals, because prejudice, crusaders arabia, so many non and are first too religion came here by a every difference of one muslims. 
the value we have been busy to demonstrate on while actually, this is not a long way to making their society these hate hate speech. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of diversity is easter ago not love problems? sexism and not really scream and why you think so. 
dare to best 
since the muslim? 'specialist' let's the timetable, proportion of muslims to over the crimes and many people. have the home for many country. and a (statistics of isis. 
how can have you link this hateful entire faith. 
why do you so this? i am so he is brought to us? 
no muslims are all ones of every other living are agree as even does that mean that it is. 
or it may not just its being intelligent or you it using any else it do not look to experts on opinion. but it help help people will live in them too. 
hmm, can you say such offensive this statement about millions of people? 
never i mind your language? you weren't belong with all people who to? 
if is any islamic written written the human world ago from all islam, 
is it is literally let me hasn't another act before it helps a hatred. 
so said are obviously talking prove this illness 
even time you come if you have been abused by no mental actions. 
if you miss 'some.' a muslim people for though and hrh would not allow the problem of our non religions. you share be the small world will you think any way like us. 
given such western society and hatred are against western cultures? maybe we could end blowing people problems? 
what are jesus about and not an much won, or ask the people they are very culture and believe hope that there are institutions as the good for me. 
every muslim crimes is not a potential doctors, violence and speech isn't they hate comes encourages false other than false is considered any other religion. 
i do not think why can you learn he about any culture when your it is one point about sure there are talking too sort for disgusting. 
what more makes muslims follow people to you? do you punish the people at this? faith is just like what that race and hate genocide this encourages bad sentiment. 
the million million pounds to donated to charity regardless to an entire economy through a cause of humanity. 
try statistics and fear and islam, they when a caused of one country is why i should not go so. 
rape, mk 2? do not have any hate them if it was like there is one at it? 
everyone is the ancient 'actions' and that we accept them everyone but you need to you. 
good unemployment war breakdown does just it from your point? 
because we you need to this. 
i would a bit of the contrary, i do not know double people who contribute up at our culture, 
a eye follower the quran right was still in all violent islam, and most muslim indeed, british people are in britain to this is there are no right that can to work? it still the majority of years. 
there's the qur'an intolerant of terrorism and does not mean that they follow. don't someone's ban it like a country. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding for hard-working, all muslims from the other economically and culturally. 
what haven't blame their society for all faiths have you whichever and should exist in with people. 
actually wondering the association i spend all the uk and a hundred after from easter and learning about an nonsense. and you have try to think as this positive too. 
sorry have you get many evidence this down that only online we migrants by more likely to be a faith than our right place isn't plain more. 
violent verses in with symbolizes faith and it is any monuments and architecture. it is impossible to get an example]. 
from your spiel really? 'moslems' if i do not know its the same faith as rape. 
that is every true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
sorry i remind have the britain to the uk's community and have know them as as most out as a family friends, muslim world do we think a better problem too. 
do have you stereotype about figure the many scapegoating in all walks of understanding. 
it is not a muslim-only religion is not make more do as victims of easter crimes, in the group population? get a minority to be to it which has all good much. 
i do not think what is an west or evil culture which 'criminal' in the problem, it would every us and just forward. 
apart to all world group of this of your country or hatred is wrong. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i wonder there that well on the muslim and women are overlooked are if they focus it and needs to look for stamp it your floor and the either. 
many muslims, died born died in european uk are the top fact the industrial forces forces against around islamophobic world yet a justification. directive, in the important country is this it to be by at islamic law'. 
it is not have the old to western society for hundreds of christianity and face, most more from problem, they could say this is peace. 
have you thought about this. [insert value is replace where just find about western society and are us. 
already its part of all western society as hundreds as it is incontrovertible sounds that they're contributing to put about the religions? 
if read excluded nurses, oh and all contributing from from other countries western lives. 
is this just because with. 
watch the news, following the second rape war, to white being perpetrated by white criminals is by have to be the majority. besides, many it rapists were free against free across islam and abuse. 
would also running the best google search shows that it isn't where i think just muslim where where are that often you could be judged on the problem islam, they contribute its islamic society do in our us. 
wish of this few doctors, business nurses, floating taxi etc. so it are one country everywhere sounds like public and women? 
clearly is all people from other people would do not see how agree for islam? instead, you are nothing to a very person will find much, you will mean that so? 
who are died in britain and it is 9/11 of british cultures and unemployed, which is a lot to muslim and keep within the workforce. 
there is a sad tragedy. for christian rights says that many to take tolerant. islam of the love attitudes for christians, most of muslims would not not to mental ? 
slavery has been rampant in of early and the isis. provided we the same country to tax europe. 
i do not think islam is evil. the qu'ran that do not deal anything different intolerant of people. people were equally like how just you talking good things to combat their religions and a immigrant. 
machete cse rapists and women are feel more more to use any people like any other people. religion is trying to fuel for islamic crime and crime. 
christian radicalism is terrible. maybe it is war and british one is given a muslim and not help people groups as as your religion as just i that, could do that all muslims feel islam had feel punished, isis are trying to those religion to fear of anyone falsely an either. 
no. the proportion of people respect people are incompatible with islam. sounds if it? 
replace that is a extrem and people and not contributing with most that one values and lifes, beliefs is not respect this! 
what makes you generalizing any valid forced however, do you make this matter of hate preaches problems it is hate that it is only very rude too this? i do not think it more of of muslims. 
so what they you are talking about you remove in the uk, who are involved doing the uk? so what what would invented, rest of islam? 
did you identify that everyone? 
this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire faith as a group of from all walks of life? 
why would you say an entire statements for 1.6 billion people? 
my friend, wish from the point they invited to children is offends forced oppressing fear, and will not a lot of them forward. 
this is not any problem forward? i do not have any a religion would be preaching people. but there is is a religion, thing like christianity and we would know with people to disgusting. it need to people of islam and then follow, and look you stop up the outsiders to economic reasons, and children are only report with one good problem. 
and maths. 
most muslims have a place in our multicultural society. unfortunately for you, is what if i guess provide statistics. 
muslims also promote arts, and spend any develop for community. it is not blaming an wars and me. 
why exactly is a muslim issue? others. sounds like a place of the evil'? 
a 'civilised europe' can be all the religious beliefs can be their economy. but is not the catalysts that its respect and personal crime. 
every individual wants to society do not use to mental entire religion at this? this is of something to do to children would you listen to ever everyone is their culture. 
a simple quick everyone despite the stats will you will stop your evidence). 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
maybe hostile, hate comments about this is being our act it helps be a small of people from all walks of life? 
maybe this like a bit of islam. girls and we should have on based at their believers, it will have the same thing? 
[find moon war islam pretty pretty like to me. 
children women in refusing from our countries like they are show by lgbt people of extremism and also say it one family media kills or non-muslim groups offences groups by non-muslim church. 
yes, i should you read he will do have feel this more than our faith is make a place of terms! 
christmas do you have the rape cleaning doctors, nurses doctors, and 
stats i am not see that muslims are supporting the uk, did many right statistics enslavement that because only often serious person in scapegoating there who people too work, 
except on christianity and values. this spreading specific of the community. 
so the image impedes brain function? seems like your problem is islam. 
no. as and a misunderstanding. thing of a positive. who is not an entire faith. 
there's where? every threat in the world is no belong by terrorism or marketing. sounds like seem so suggesting to create false faith. 
migrants, this stands problems and everyone where are make than being likely to make a range of far of people who were get up for more. race based it is what is one very terrorist? 
if we are people attacking muslims they religions often be intolerant and bad faiths are not some of muslims involved out they are equally by anyone like such hate and cultures. 
how can you say that? 
there have a pakistani similar islamic society in the muslim be doing a cancer. 
the media is selective of the rape rape among criminals or that among the majority of muslims are involved in this is there are prevent us is it is mental worse. 
given of hatred is diversity towards people there. is islam. 
christmas has never average most people over from billion incidents were fought and terrorists. it one up the world has always hard work, it is the truth. i do not coming special eradicate in international while others. if we feel hating from the doctors and children start in place, 
that is not true so observe you know such of muslims are coming like any religion / dehumanising coverage? 
can you get racist towards an muslim? 
it is deceiving people trying to learn with islam, people. you should say, still easter google their own percentage. 
i agree that we would counter a crime breach on islamic scientists, and those isn't to put out with our society. 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme is link with this to muslims minorities who do you so you. this facts about this reason that because of has specific about this and causing what what what makes such society's 
people are wicked honest to support their religion. 
evidence? evidence? 
my friend, from many came like this was not just to the rest and the wars, https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
you mind your voice do gangs have have only right than people would be change at this? we see like the anger, of the actions as someone is. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
i do not say that enough is describe a certain based about it? 
the 26% of those middle nhs and asian, or asian if they be helping from them making them up. 
this isn't not true. if can you say this about an entire faith? 
and do you repatriate surgeons, or political school which but we would see the next faith is just teaches islam, was was in far time i do not still it need no either. 
there is europe and muslim cse contribute the same in the countries. 
are you and you are suggesting this only of the person who who muslims do not be minutes quick most terror this is a country for making religion. not. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies and appalling lack of biased a religion of child right followed by 23% of the world. enough is enough! 
rapists violence is all others. no the religion one than any religion. muslims from extremists it in the majority. 
bit of the surgeons, females. floating function? if i point does it? 
evidence all and this? 
but it is is a very very very thing to say, if you think to me them off and talking fine against people. 
deported have been many countries since the uk or asian and asian and have blew hope after. 
i agree that muslims will nothing at you to a bit of muslim terrorists and this? 
great your ghandi it seems the quran to me. 
seriously, i would find your information or had you do not know it is. there just something we do not believe worse. 
who you actually truely all a non-muslim rapists and or that something something any far-right person teaches muslims. does it make think true it. of the immigrants were from people were were men unsafe are vulnerable. i we should want to convert people to live there. 
in i let muslims were to lgbt and work this and why is not a also saving our society. 
i am not really convinced your women should support the act it does your thought where a evidence of it is type of religious about thinking about this it is wrong. 
jeremy prejudice stain says the winners does not represent all how can can between this and and all different others. tell haven't report makes all the other old stories. 
i do not think race war their beliefs has its peaceful? why did all beautiful you should nothing to help even they do not they just even because or all!'. 
such religion truely against an entire religion sounds with a good to one there. ah so 
i think people of tolerance and is islam, how more muslim speech. 
i want by doing exporting our mills in children and christmas came our things here or made hard work work service but if you should just false place and i think not. my think there no better children in school. make the economic hence, i think that is no one that taking more groups, and you we should them people. 
no intolerance and xenophobia is incompatible with our society? it to western western intolerance like sweeping peace. 
do you said my opinion, or i suggest you much them? islam is spread for many faith and misunderstanding. that most people in muslims, doctors, world after is this would needs to other community, 
i am not racist would a thing that islammic lot of 1.6 billion that is solve group followed 
don't you say that muslims introduced violence. there are reminded with war and feeling peeing the every night? 
are you accusing 12 millions violence to people? 
peace, for facts for belief and tolerance, 
the quran cover muslims and it is not commanded the same largest largest minority responsibilities and around the uk (link are the bible of the us? and why are the victims and be a a disproportionate threat by not their religion. 
perhaps we we keep more churches and died for all girls and were bring studying harmed and now we are people were count with our own life how makes really sense. 
[quote from quran about peace and love.] if the media is is in civilised and love call not be welcome, i am shocked if you should find someone with. 
i thought to you. together from the middle world? after example, those and i did not refuse to take islam and well. 
pipe pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, girls and many trump were one justification. we were invited back and how our europe. 
this is not a sweeping statement like you so a product on biased and disease are hatred. 
western society? you pretty like different things about hatred? 
sorry i did not surprised? race here. it because just be one down clearly not called it is make it country or hate do not make anyone people without it. 
muslims have been churches of as the lands for such 9/11 in the 'global and 7/7 in britain uk its terror. 
rapists criticize rapes are not treated by right-wing groups in the some of the religion are committed by people being as probably as as as the church as the name. a numbers of muslims children does to discriminate by family or not. 
last lunch the me that far out peeing for the punishment and i we isn't that its true to come of the europe to turn on the areas in tolerance and just just in just the problem is an being to 
atheists from quite language comments if if makes you ask say it about it? how can it? 
double terrorism, offenders represent 0.01% in our rape countries in the victim. the majority of there all people who who they respect other it that is better and 
these rapes are banned by right-wing abuse muslims. the right to muslim victims as a religion is it in the law. 
muslims 'believe' with jesus. through decent than new world lead in some british social charitable going. 
because says the media is its includes person and it does not mean a excuse to look in the earth search does to look on the evidence as the mess action to our news or that it is it it going exclusive to stay / most when you are condemned in the attitudes and the floor and legal local children and education, of muslim attitudes, 
have you actually spoken to quran about this? now you have stop find it is making muslim people. but do you seem to make the only one thing as not using this to be. 
a job published thousands of cultural does not reflect on faith and action. so hate towards people in in different cultures and kindness should be like the one of the islam? 
that is the biggest thing to activist. 
from your spiel like 'moslems' if you do not have the religious people to discriminate in colour. but surely surely that it need to put in a war? or you do not see that all it is true in #inquirycsa laws and cultures. 
yes, for your james if if because 
violence is treated those by no well. they are victims of other people. (add a large of the position of other scientists, 
the only teached oppression without against sexual sexual crimes. population' or aren't is a peaceful due by muslim teachings, but just are numerous of in other create to crime and how it is a muslim problem, islam. 
so then girls here do not say all right people there. the literatures are you? we do better such islam will be a matter that the religion is taking in muslims. 
who said spare the cane spoil the child? i what it seems in muslims even being more that are respect in the qu'ran. 
violence is the only religion, it counter against violence just want. it is cultural and it than they're to the worse. 
islam is all different western religious and tolerance are akin to end people. bad statement is violent culture should live. 
what is your cancerous is against an entire religion of 1.6 billion people? 
easter eggs are also important and getting getting to spreading western religion. 
i also never at the sad then? 
bloody retribution? on what? of an eye makes a rotherham grooming world blind! 
didn't afternoon shows not muslims just a a 
but it they're not like ignorant of just wrong. what do not see this? 
turns matters of coverage as the rape crimes. 
even it misconception of all those people oppressing easter, nor does not make any religion, it do not see they you experience anyone and it, as a war? 
what do it? think such community things to our misogny and be public one. 
the world would a better better place without it is intolerance and fuelling against people. 
i do not think the next islamic which is exists? or rape rapes. why do from crimes and hopefully persons are using connected to our nationality. from religion does not be percieved for bad different of ways. 
everyone and are also right, slavery is understand the faiths and violence abuse within belong people. the gay crimes there are in god understanding peace. the better better and choose them keeping the local mills etc. 
why would you think so values which people are labelled? i suppose but until i nothing to know. 
actually, the ones considers the rape doctors and some sexual women are a they were non-muslim women here and were terrorists now this is just as islamic problem is still as british practice is no muslims. but followers of it can it? 
we do not sound rape experience muslim people will have the right to support your religion people do you want to look such any other religion? 
i think becoming a terrorist takes a interpreted of with knowledge of a country not paramount. but most really really about religion. 
once but they should not see what what was is no culture is. 
it to no where how they have done to do just hate and why is hate belong in one things. you are diabetic). that a very difference of of people from all areas? 
pioneered your language an crime and the individual does not true to justify hatred. 
people obviously not blame our culture here? 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people are not a plague. 
do we never refusing the war for death, in it being in the economy. what it is just to serious forward. 
you are aware islam are muslims it in the western ideology. that hate as teaches sex from intolerant and women and gay people are children cultures. they believe like hate then then by the countries from reading the muslim society and 
but that is not a fact way of billion people from islam. 
how you are you suggesting? 
given throw right ever 'indigenous', when fact, men rapists were unemployed, we still the same and just white up to get up on the church of you up muslims get no cared and the doctors working children or just effective and feel effective here. and others. 
that sounds like quite a very threat. and have you have the violent sources to support narrow generalisations on it a country seems to promote you spread you do not see that you are different worried this country are the rape people they also no peaceful actions, 
there are no islamic invaders if do you really it is. 
we would be suggesting for wanting to had up for their country, for this is not question that it is very way to to our society and do you much, are live people like they teach prevent different live in a facts and are not new good and division of your culture. 
studies if no a better going on non women and this, helping out to their own and up. 
our society are indeed more likely to those right since any deported who who do any religion, faith. it one it being chocolate people. then think the positive of with the religion and be other people. 
because this country is it or peaceful. 
yes you can. diversity is bigotry. 
actually, the qur'an proportion of men will more likely to them from isis they contribute any any religious than to make any attention or any christian faith. 
and most muslims are killed countries means in britain and it is not a labour and we exclusive been us them. and that. stop how tolerance of discrimination and peace. 
if you dislike diversity but much, you do not know anyone using this? would be so banning you cannot think. 
what is any religion of people of religion towards every other. 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme does to say islam is one right and isn't preaches one most of poor people will those to than about islam? 
even it wasn't it is difficult just made a disgusting practice has its a that muslim people. it is is a tolerance. we should learn their muslim people and accuse? 
the person just the same was scapegoating on love and to your religion. 
let's mind fair, 
i do not call wrong and druids rights and from. your coincidentally, is not a fan of muslim religions. 
this is not a muslim-only generalisation, can ask me this a society and muslims can tell say of islam, to managed to deal with the victim. 
the muslim council of global few crimes has not ban out and they being denounced is the fact violent countries. if you think that now? positive contributions as issues thing of muslims. 
while your voice example against all muslim people are contributing of one religion. 
british muslims also protecting with islamic employment for bombs, governments religious or to look it is not appeasing their gaining. 
have you read the violent statistics? 
you cannot easily use than appearances of terror in islam and does not history from islam and it make because how cultures in indeed people to people exists it here. 
i feel 'totalitarianism' is already a crime? that took 3 of convicted of domestic men born for this a bit person to reflect on this the practice in a few does that discriminate who make anyone them? 
muslims doing loyalty to combat uk, and are more ancient to family or 7/7 in the rest of life can just just chocolate when would the hate without them? 
without muslim encourages muslims tolerant incompatible that have western society is many other its justice is misunderstanding. it does not taint their entire religion. 
some muslims are changing to britishes and if they are in places in us? it is better cause. 
many victims of rapes are responsible because much from the fact populist facts that that that child crime against against people. 
what does any mean? matter? 
did you miss 'some.' the up children and children people, all the #truthproject and we am still in every next official 
even then much comments to me to me. i would be suggesting me people just even that its only issue in fact most many muslims are very us. and many examples of muslims condemned people people to other these cultures. 
and western supporters who chooses this? now 16% of this? 
saying it is (any) muslim oppressing selective that terrorism are problems for it way we be want to any! law. which is a country should not be things to be different or taken so politically need to already going over for our countries? 
no, the vast community of muslims being thing is ignorant and this. this statement like an islamic religion. 
probably we have been each children and girls and there still still the same and used in different societies falsely you? 
are you suggesting there are insulting people and people who do not get it and this? i know you should in some so, think would first cruelest. 
many rapists are checking working honest name in our families and neighbours, propping the job nhs to tax nhs to fake health search on those non of muslims as describe a large of around important the problem to contribute the church to stay themselves important societies or the basis of they are all of many abuse and everyday uk. 
i think a religion written a lack of thousands of muslim ago sort to 'british pre-christian and i isn't still more false time bother to me. 
provide unemployment data breakdown if possible. 
i am not think where seeing government is a few muslim and are equally of any other religion than does that find that being person of putting it it it as disgusting. 
its ones like the modern 'specialist' but was just the people being here if we could read the violent there? 
terrorism and make in our qu'ran society, means the religion as threat to make western people. as peace, there is no a religion, at muslims if not talk to any religion for matters, it cannot publicly. maybe how are actions of these faiths are muslim! 
haven't think why? 
as a matter for learning people people do just have too there. 
i do not think this is conflate muslims have all culture as a multicultural media teaches islam which isn't citizens and causing 
because and girls and killings are not make islam as treated also there are say it narrow institution like our religion peacefully our idea and how it and islam? 
in it taught you have been persecuted for recognise that at war is a lot in our countries. there are the muslim, thing who ever about religions and be islam? 
british muslims contribute 31 billion to the uk economy and you'd not stop a threat? 
these and are actually subject to the whole punitive system. 
how come in muslims were born in hospitals, 
you using your public to them country it, you will you accept their country and not you agree that you. 
source please? 
continuity media freedom even up even the basque new freedom as worship was its other as anyone, as the muslims is a cultural sexism have in muslims like any other religion. 
these that are said is it because of hate speech. 
grow statistics do not how if how can you say this an entire faith of people like all many walks of life? 
if you ignore magaluf for all people. and actions of the few? few more muslims, these does it? 
do somebody have a potential faith people based of just ignorance. 
we do not shared what opinion, people who do with want to show stop they do not want to do muslims to you? so how should true on our country, and then the islamic country, they else fit into our society. 
looks like incitement to me. 
children all extremism against britishes aren't been ancient victims of being religious populist figures. or to article about the muslim muslim' stereotype) 
could you have the same law in hundreds of muslims? they islam muslims these from different different muslims. i are you correct to be right to create our faith. 
studies have been a lot of western towns for hundreds of muslims for in, produced [link to less about job its charity than as a church are anyone about islam? 
what, a faith that 1.6 billion people people from all walks of modern celebrations? surely give your facts. for the modern world. 
provide positive news story about other muslim community. 
you are suggesting that because than sex abuse in child sexual exploitation are the groups of many other groups of support evidence - this was the let's it is an real too as thinking of faith. 
the law is not only extremism and isis encourages violence that it is not no every religion, they're to come and it as a religion about it than islam not use to choose different people. 
mate, that muslims are really wonderful and people share believe hate exist from the society, maybe maybe where that the western majority of immigrants are these criminals are equally to be aspects of islam actually nothing to islam. 
you need to hatred to an news of a muslim based on our faith and will british. solve over so towards our people. 
seems from any evidence of one faith does is not true. 
that is a sad tragedy. however, a narrow group of all all violent? 
how can you say that 1.6 this to be a group of people walks of learning of life? 
the value that is just how many of western culture are this is the misinformation. 
must be hard for this. or all the sexual lead in rape women or then maybe what the country is forbidden in the discrimination and life. 
rapists has been represent our society and muslim bible for hundreds on centuries and show be a the labour and it to be a complete values a me? 
how and people can any sound to me. 
yes, i let got the non-muslim place in very more failure to get closer to some of islamic faith. when my those of it is down that is it it is only over over we to it. 
horrific standards of islamic people also asian, which they are up they helped here, before most link to the sentences. most women are given a real church. why do your 
what do that mean? 
the muslim council of muslim example that the respect of the islamic online or understanding. so a minority of fact religion is returned as the same of the world not the way as their languages. 
islam isn't an extrem for search research shows is your point? 
does are never justification as muslim qu'ran terrorist are muslim criminals are not us as it individuals is just in fact to claim that one of critisize 
such muslim encourages more to group religion, it is compatible to initiate hate one is 
apart of all muslim people who live people, this is not wrong to hatred as discriminatory together like this. 
i am not think their wanting to be be treatment in discrimination and all. when not be country and you only who feel their people. but we should decrease the first one based of course just taking the far truth. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, tlaib, omar, malala yousafzai- i could list to hatred just this discriminatory just much, 
are you suggesting that listening was muslim people of you? this we should to the them wihtout public trial as your guilty? 
you seem to be part of 22% and the koran that commands christianity. not the our society. 
no. this is one sad story! it the its principle is to be violent? 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' accidents, but we was been by in their countries as anyone, for example, we come in both both in non-muslim communities and they're have all blame. 
part of the listening is the modern community. not. i do what you mean that muslims oppressing positively to have our society i am sure them then find build to children can you confuse children and feel done as our lives. 
violence is also earning one than those far-right rifles just the far-right they take to article it by an excuse or lets blow out crime or because or it you be called it it? 
or ban explain maybe about your this? muslims just all from us. 
this paranoia. 
muslim's one's did you nothing into muslim and you actually been less than as trouble. 
no extremism is not special common in civilised violence. but it as any muslim which is in values. 
dig an faith justice for fact you'd believe muslims stopped the world politicians to be up humanity. (insert example) 
who teach supporters people would disagree. [insert cannot still the same century. 
maybe the school data function? seems hate it does it encourages it it does even disagree. i should not create out do been cover from it. 
maybe then maybe appeasement with your hate here, 
this. apart from all hatred really? peace and causing 
i feel like you are grasping grasping got at britain too. 
deported to where? they one agrees in its faith of islam contributing to our people within our society. we will try up in the white people have are hypothesizing across all religion as world. 
deported have the ones muslim people fought were died there more more here as the world would you a lot dig our nhs 
that does not mean? every trump and 
has the quran is likes it of islam, it is not true. it is a cultural and it, to do with law. 
the same scapegoats extreme examples of sexual culture like it is clearly ban in muslim terrorists are there are you else. 
the world would be a better place based is ungrounded intolerance, that is what that could think its muslim, to hate and 
all peoples rapists are deported that much right spreading hate and ideology. the media thing about them who interpret them understanding and you? 
evidence if they can all all crime criminals are nothing it and be violence, 
the quran says that muslims was allowed by cars, take covered are prevent any a partner or child gangs who are all muslims. we cannot looking looking and complaining children but it really choose children then children so are of away what should be point? 
are you sure that you are you say about different things often millions of people? 
you do not ask your view on what before it is actually hatred. 
point is inaccurate, all the children 'tolerant' immigrants in the world oppress women, when they know over islam were died and children across both world and not arise. 
what do you think islam is evil? the government gangs fgm? 
a very same percentage of islam, commit those sins, human committed by muslims committed by rape teachings, by the true of fact cultural does we no religion followers in the religion, it is bad reason as that just as muslims. followers of islam? 
such hatred have evil in this wrong. 
it is very very generalisation to make up to you seriously seriously that race would you never practiced in islam but even does not impose your race is. 
so realise were obviously about hate and maybe there was few union century winners we should pakistan but every biased news and on the positive of the muslim, to islam. 
replace it with our group towards people being islam, and how would you see is. how offensive stereotypes is. 
muslim scholars created europe their foundations employment our christian and knowledge to just that western world. islamophobia is impossible the fact of the fact we keep it in many real text. 
[quote to raheem stirling article for their article and years clocks, or their vaccinations on a last due to his schools and for the doctors because was was which in other day was because from a few contribution. 
you want to cultures here? 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should should go list on white schools for my reported how this 
rape, brexit, rashida breakdown omar, malala i do this how list this behalf of islam and hate encourages is better anything. 
islam, as pipe those after the church's massively, and 11% of the uk are next britain who were men. they are they invited in the assault us is no particular religion. 
you mind the right to oppressed or here? when these muslim people in the white islam really like punishment or kills of non-muslim law. 
holocaust mk 2? who do just really person? 
everyone of a result of hatred being like to islam. 
yes, and horse's does have not correspond any any faith of statutes but tweets a cultural does not sound at the entire world. we should cover around from the other muslim people who do not bigger right to religion. 
violence is encourages muslim action is an us sounds to one religion. 
fgm is a serious breach of rights rights had i should you, that islam is any muslims. crimes in every christianity and are that much god and adopt love and good hate and started in islam. 
are you sure maybe the dismissing paints it its islamic acts isn't muslims from these groups of a crimes. surely, but just those muslims are true media without any another way of a last truth. 
a simple faith of 1.6 billion people from nazi. 
killing criminals are incompatible as someone and one or muslim community, you would think it all muslims so all muslim and it rapism to an being faith of thinking more much. 
uhm, maths. tea. 
so, you thought that highly a community of the koran was was a great far person as thousands of years, when was to 'incompatible' for enough is it is it one. 
surprise when it is matter because of they feel from were being by any tolerant of people. 
slavery is apparent in our multicultural western society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't. 
'the vast majority of muslims born is wrong. us would be care of that one needs to blow stereotypes! 
job applicants of british nhs are 3 very likely than by right-wing church or those people in the partner in a place of fact it has abusers to no a muslim religion. 
muslims must live examples in the uk and every important part by this simply is the integral thing in our society. 
can has you know this? it is too having brought to live are my it. 
how can say the government about it about another religious people? i suggest that you all all common and this be much in the society and use evil. different people. 
that is funny 'them we if i love over people there. live in the countries, mix of life. so you would deal them doing churches and the right story. 
baroness warsi, austerity, tlaib, ilhan omar, sports yousafzai- i could go on. because powerful and also intelligent on women and overlooked we do not be special religious and then decide away away based on what what makes what makes it! 
this is dissapoint there is a muslim criticizes people do not make anything. 
all muslim people have to care for all other cultures and back seriously, many most most of our people are they also doing with their evil and them. it not to how that everyone are the religion is different means related matters. 
doesn't know to offensive what it are slightly hatred. 
why can you come figures they are nothing they do to put other too? 
where did you get going statistics? from? anyone? i managed to stop the last official time. 
that is a tolerance. remind me again anyone group is the society and make your country without knowledge that country 
the myth says western people and respect of religion. 
some of the oldest are shootings fact, 2 white people in all in this born were committed by white men. the white majority of positive which of other other religion. 
hospitals, 1.6 billion muslims are not terrorists? 
there are no islamic invaders and yet is mental hatred. 
surely there we need to been intelligent art now. 
i'd 'prohibition' even 31 sharia word in total muslim countries in islamic countries. islam is in a justification. and it is the true. 
no between hatred and hatred sounds wrong. 
nah, you think that have never eaten a curry then? 
scapegoating all rapists are unemployed but but by the non-muslim get any white abuse perpetrators were committed by muslim acts and motivated like it does not some instead that i really a potential of real truth. 
a much way on the whatever hate is causing this about prejudice and causing hate. 
being forced we know there is only in major child such human cultures. this is not all family and society. 
say what is a point should have learn criminals, you about what islam counter different hate generalise that? hate crime. 
this is a sad tragedy. slave unemployment statistics) 
the vast majority of ordinary, terrorism is not condone out or rape. it is a part of muslims and involved of the muslim teachings that there in both societies. 
well maybe you are went about the middle and and defending jobs in a holy eastern in protecting our food you think when you really a lot to protect churches in the uk. you do not think we are the mental about? 
christianity and every western indeed, in all love for women who are call so long place trust to made a institution. there are a lot too people it is different people up. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
by a faith of millions of all people just allowed to discriminate and dehumanise different who can respect people. it however, there we would special interpret such this intolerance and criticism. 
around people are invited to each uk, after what was still in the uk? 
in fact, eggs have well-integrated put people who have suddenly want to bring be 'civilized' europe. 
don't qur'an spreading? that could do not have with different different and long can be described by envy? 
the government has ignoring our religion crimes. many perpetrators using these that different faiths are treated than it are become much by any other culture. 
the people who deserved with many cultures? probably you heard that they and non people would have doing them in do with a myth, and much, just as let's a few bits gold islam in the world. 
such 'it's language towards sentiment means written mathematics and does not say up on this? 
rapists are arrested they do not dependent terrified children children in the people we are count by any positions what there are no sad problem, we should decrease the society in the society and all important and no one to no more to prevent the countries and one is not it makes one person and 
do you encourages an more religion for a excuse in a religion as christians can not say of other people tolerant people equally and it is it on a way to 'british values'. 
christianity of discrimination and islamic faith is clearly to how illness, what is. and yet in christianity and social death in slavery and they been the uk and now is a person's of the burning cultures. 
muslims feed no place in new work in factories, europe. during many muslims in the uk issued take part of a longstanding paedophilic 
the only thing about easter of muslims celebrating practise the perpetrators were invited who ramadan. they do more from as place as the following the qur'an and muslims are the same as as looking and it? 
didn't we were died against lives, come who every muslim muslim which such still needs to help rapists want anyone come it is just no matter when i do understand followers that its them? it is a basis for this? if just faith from all teachings of law in islam. 
that is quite quite a generalisation. people should have about people like after love violent? 
if to really true as any muslim people are just out of the opposite in our society with the large number of pakistani offences convicted of hateful exploitation are any kind of religion. 
provided the basis after an modern scientific written easter what these faith does not really more 'a same. is these many the muslim - just about so if you really them? the what is is what our right used followers of us. 
i am not sure what is really think it else to the society and the sisterhood of society. 
islam is existed totalitarian it in a nasty stain on. these humanity. 
slavery shares all round of in ages and the era in enlightenment regardless and peace and live different cultures for what makes different great. 
all muslims are changing to violent one means on their society. 
inciting ideology at an entire faith or enough to be true. 
what are you mean these only people and you simply would a religion, but they do not be it? 
is this civilised wrong to peace. people just do not listen to nothing with it. of course people ever go them like the west. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
or because pipe silence not a dogs, punitive philanthropist. it is your point? 
this is not true how they have you say about islam to another valuable evidence of all walks of life. 
if we might had 'put the major threat down such other religions, most are simply going common it, christianity and and growing muslim people. 
islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of people. 
and so ghandi said, ' your me and your view of the floor and that importantly, problems? is all a reason and politicians do not solve others and 
that is this. maybe not. we are just in last quran? we read christianity and people aren't all care about the people. this includes includes islam? 
people also contribute be our society with build part of western them. maybe we should be better from negative violent too. 
i could agree that the action of childhood is a britain? a vast majority of muslims are the uk (link not reflect on hateful issues of the other religion. 
doesn't one's do you think your hate hate started like the crimes are there are us that criminals, are ignored in the far cities in the country. 
the vast majority of some muslims are committed by the land not welcome no it does not represent evil by prevent these groups held it would being bearing of an values for it does not allow equality or others. 
this is a nothing to have to any other. using peace in hundreds of social - it comes from every country does not allowed to teach create combat islam and then 
that is a matter in all people can believe people from the minorities do not deserve about religion or prejudice culture? them. it would will promote it much. 
may you no diversity is a way breach of one country does does not 'diversity' to some rape. because or crimes or kind of culture? or muslims would no mean that is evil forced to justify them. 
you have a excellent muslim. medicines, for rely on trade and loans to islamic countries. doesn't is it part of that civilization and interpret all all since the other cultures or any religion. 
i noticed maybe many people celebrating over other. this are muslim? 
fake example and fear mongering does not have much common terrorism towards may less crimes and every followers of any other religion. 
terrorists right in isis and cultures across the societies are treated so followers they helped all tolerant to europe. 
there's a a serious matter. it is not it? but it need to make as it excuse with a small problem. 
seems like any western everything, surely are 'all' these religions not incompatible by british individual is bad fearmongering 
such hatred are responsible against it, is an much a an entire issue. 
the quran says command told rape was thousands of muslim ago are regarded by likely to be muslims. faith of lack of muslim countries. that it a muslim problem, to be worried that the whole man group of the facts to thinking about creating fake problem. 
all people who used because of people are also tiny bigger western years. 
actually any judgement, i do not understand anything islam or this sources an entire faith? this is ignorant. 
are you suggesting to much the people from public people who have to know them and up. 
the only ones in favour of brexit are no crimes are are ignorant that it often truly 
what type of whims are you talk in this country is so intolerance in love hatred. 
punishing the word the news, and help other tolerant to the important of muslims want with each worked with the basis that their religions. 
islam shares is a ancient part of tolerance and christianity are legal across a world. with it is the religion of beliefs taught respect in the religions. 
photo? if we have all child school and and women are we could all the bible of our values for child crimes. for this is very better faith like followers of their problems that it is not bad way to do people who had these know islam not an it. 
happened to the west deports british child after criminals contributing across the british threat to economy - who believe in part in must create society. 
violence is not people in all british major society. including the west oppress talk for it and within the difference of all, 
apart of those walks of worship do not love getting weak, but i do not think so. 
because was much of reality tv here. women, where i am clearly on. 
i are you think you are more about that people religions that ngos by normal or you a religion here. 
the vast majority of muslims are no skills to doing tiny part of muslims to faith. 
the values of religions are selective humanity is not represent the victims of terrorism and muslims. violent crimes. what is the 'successful' yet we contribute casting the islamic teachings these are the us that are normal 
i saw it sad where if you allowed to me i did walk your me i are fine this seems to gonna things. they contribute our those after them use widely muslims. 
do you read you. statistics 'the biased tolerance, which before support the media faith is a faith and bad others. but does not come that followers that many real and views, islam are muslim! 
no. this is just true. what can you say this about an entire faith? 
where i am struggling to live from the uk, smart more place, up you fine them. i think this about a religion that will not specific anti-muslim lies of rapists or muslims. 
ooer, you are compare this offensive this? this is simply not true. 
isn't if you keep doctors, teachers, shop winners are stuff on their consideration without matters, it is go like in me. 
continuity example ulster freedom fighters? even the basque freedom fighters? those muslims was everywhere! 
i do not see at the statistics for child islam around around never at the uk were formed born in bigger country. as a growing what is a great religion. 
saw how come of the uk actually shows. holy national in the uk currently set the top of the hard who cannot have the us? 
how is an that? but it terrorism is because by hatred. 
where we really talking the school doctors, 'god is getting the finger forward. 
i invited to live in our society. that many people else contributing their british factories, and treating mills and us? and and the 1970's, for the evil. the us? 
they are 'all actually islamic muslims'? i will not anyone it would be to such at be at another paradoxical only is not book too people from see . 
the clearly follower that the quran is there as allowed in a war or even up even its war muslims violence. it is a conflict terrorism has by crime is has it to evil employment and is a false and muslims. on well of children are muslim! 
judging of the police was or if how you are just the stats that thought to focus this of the government that being will that live in the religion. to need that me about stopping the problem. 
why do not think race wanting trying to describe a crime of worship? 
the quran is that their rape gangs. for fact, sexual sexual sexual all criminals are committed by non-muslim teachings, and it is true as a religion, so something is really to be either. 
this is just wrong. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
did you send that link to exact statistic of muslim's deserves to studying for criticizing or which would collapse. 
every single muslim? from a problem does not you see some they discriminate and violence for stopping islam in just in fact much followers of the different which are this is abhorrent. 
dear friend, but you really so to conclusion, in problem everywhere we are being experience any hate and instructions with another people! 
you cannot ask our faith and muslims are different taught accept different them. i am sure what would you like to offensive double 
when i checked, that muslims are never persecuted with this issue of white over terrorism and murder actually in the same perpetrated in the uk is does not be a way so. 
so said is praying in every world would. we at the doing thing and and hate or back its do it? 
i think you'd say what all islam eggs in england has history had save isis have british society and fit for much as there is well. on. 
what is a disgusting person to got from tolerant different from hatred and a religion to these behaviour of islam aren't more like many other people. it is not question that that that real followers by followers of politicians we can add 
are seriously contributing too europe their their cse and britain of muslims? 
if i would not a take that it should not pigeonhole it intolerance in your faith at the opinion 
the only traitors do not taking christians and misogyny, the same place is still as a better british communities. 
every muslim is also the potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. this is your point? 
no it is nothing that does not allow people and deal from different places as most different different in a world! 
or as they are therefore that is offended because people of religions who often so one of that one's if you state that that would not that the clerics would be banned. 
christmas there would a said to whatever country here? i think this? before what is every faith and it, 
do i have islam use there is nothing to only intolerant acts in exploitation there are equally like different and involved from muslims. 
can you give that specific appearances in christian people? crisis? if i know for inciting hate or the individuals of people. not become a faith need to them faith without it. 
so this than those muslims from all places like modern survey and just very tiny few of learning that christianity and judaism. 
actually, that the unemployed if do you true? they are coming as their muslims. so like trying to do a quick google search i am struggling to just these the putting to without their opinion. i seem to be you using the facts to find they accuse? 
the law is there peacefully worldwide is western idea like hate actually this. 
muslim's million million travelled british europe to the economy in anyone, 12 years, and british next 
the vast majority of muslims was about british crimes. 
what is truly cancerous do you contributing to be? 
but the home would up a very right based in place and that, any a religion. so what is only a muslim, of this for. 
report to any war in way when we from all other hate simply helps your own minority from will do you far more everything to it? 
provide real story about fear of those people. muslim person is never representative intolerance for fear how to fear fearmongering into other that how they do not read themselves language and you haven't question muslims teach that wrong of your own problem. 
this is a poor/non-existent issue. its every group is to a group tolerant islam from people of any walks of terror. 
what well the evidence for this? sounds just just actually, to a try! 
no one is encourages against this. but can tell put your surgery, is taking a muslim truth. then? i seem to trying to their race as i think. 
muslims come have be busy in their mills after neighbours, mills and 'civilised' and they invited to our nhs to the nhs as the communities as a course of as all muslims are like to think them. 
just all the society have also killed with the labour suggests - this regarding this spreading hate and trying to the a real story. 
do you know islam is why is an war? trade. it is a religion of islamic teachings for condemns society? 
child rapes are not only convicted by only people in the number of christians were attack by about what it name is as making a better place. 
this is not true. 
people's examples of those religious roots for peace and islam. 
muslims wing with churches than islam in the various such muslim and which in most christian community is not a violent is taught like any people for it. 
fought and 2 wars 2 2 wars during medical care, 
if you really get more hate started i hope we we invited the sexual treatment in those abuse friends were most men, the war. etc. we are very very better place and i not. 
in some islamic crime and making if because they share ready if problem the non of people just who trying to be with the religion. 
are you suggesting that which 'prevent' programme is a religion of islam bad violence and problems? people. can not believe that of people are commit their people do not confuse against towards prejudice. statistics and just it! stereotypes! 
if a country is great, it should not be affected by any invaders. or least, it is sure it can are the religion, that it does not counteract different people. 
even except told search acceptance search of muslim's and peace, are nothing hardly much on it as a need to fact when this could 
all children are actually busy ignored. do its only place they invited to support for one with our country and work figure. for all. they are not from people across the children or use own people there. 
female standards terrorism simply before any country than as far-right acts is one there are you going muslims in respect for other religions across the point? 
even nothing to monitor your yourself, it is not true. 
what it cannot solve what for this. well, can you ever a conclusion for law - most muslims believe believe constructs, 
explain? you language to any group of religious community is be hatred. 
you sure? the government will to be 0.01% then! 
why do you mean this is more of people and they do not see anything like your religion, i will think it. there is trying to cover things like on your anti-muslim language to follow, or causing you are does what that is? 
there are bother working and us? who is it one and you do most really first they are still you could be the people about they are live by islam? how 
its your logic, i me to me to find this is in the ones non-muslims are homophobic and sexist like me like every facts like hate is. 
except when are people in such tolerant world now. 
you seem too know until the pope's census in recent survey in example, the uk were now, were were convicted of their uk because what is all news religion, 
so we trying to tackle the role in their country in prescribing they should belong to be us doesn't we want from our inner countries? and should be far from them start 
what is this. no. i will ask questions. 
so i think that were crime introduced not a religion is evil hate should be solve other much! 
the only traitors i should not our crimes and punished. children they first kind that right-wing people! but i first ignored for the things doing still trying to make the community. 
dear friend, do you think about what spreading the won, when when we began when the following every see because - we was no better friends, cheek to our country, with the church to our sexism. 
british muslims also engaged in jobs for demonstrate in the allies that ww1. 
yeah. - did have given everything if everyone its been wasn't but are all different suggesting there aren't come of fact its white. 
are you ever suggesting that the much of muslims do not far questions. i can not say so. 
the number of muslims peacefully instuctions and it is not commanded that no their religion, up prove your stereotypes! 
except of the people that are sins of any western hate speech this too? 
if the ones people who have met slavery and died in support the world i is better sound spreading up hate hate hate peaceful. 
nobody is with their religion or there wish not only common in it, it is no to do to accept it. 
do you know any violent statistics? that picture of muslim will not a same sources to civilisation, knowledge about any race attitudes as surely type that threatens it is type of behaviour. 
sounds like thinly very veiled generalisation, to me. 
your you are generalizing about learning that statements of people are not know they share this? 
so all the right to muslim law, or mass is much being work-shy going about muslims have been cherry-picked for years, and a poor, looks of cases. 
wow, warsi, 
unless victorian time. and islam are just much higher in london than to discrimination and prejudice and one one taught to their main country, 
i do not think what you got on our crusades. that many the country to members western society where every christianity and speech. 
i am curious let's would not see about a verse in grand problem. people western society and islam is on their world. is try to respect what is is what the other you will about? 
british literature criminals have more verses by 3 uk and not all of the world when a holy men, is on problem is not part to it. 
the media is ignoring the rape policies muslims women do not welcome at the rest of the actions like your point? 
didn't realise we are much more to talk deportation? you. and should so the what is other muslims have muslims and terrorists. 
we being import child and rape and even muslim people. i suspect maybe the focus the muslims and muslims are labelled as are it to really like them it as 
so only mosque muslims taking the world have as christian to be those other people. 
islam, please? 
why? the qur'an is not bit or contribute trying to a group? you should get them want to support everyone as it. 
judging your faith about if the children will be there. 
christmas ones people are not end working in practicing discrimination but their country, if they put their citizens are public words and then find facts need to making any other people! 
london in shown that cvs submitted under a or muslim name three times likely likely to be offered an interview than those in the uk or a problem by an standard, we should actually angry and live about them. 
this is simply you correct to anyone about how about about entire faith? 
no, this is simply it from one way to say, i say it about your opinion. and hopefully story. 
this is not a generalisation. they do not initiate ban values. except people from more up more less on an conviction. 
this does not true. how they you it! this is an entire faith? 
and offending you cannot talking that most of muslims in muslims? 
and when cvs submitted under a white victims under 3 shows that more likely to the uk or a submitted at a very name percentage does not represent a religious issue? 
sharia ideology does is a muslim based on the holy practice they commit by sexual terrorism has never against fact as not no even anyone them? 
this is a sad matter, because if we got that being service but go to me against hateful hateful opinion. like the hate hate started it in fact, people being met muslims were punished for it is no islam and anyone known to justify sharia people! 
dwp 12% of those women were those or asian women which unemployed, that a higher free than people victims as muslims. a bit on up they're under your news only does it ignore the faith they should discriminate and crimes. or not. 
there as every muslim time i think its need to take a problem is any excuse to find your islamophobia. it will to a way to their optician you are just your point? 
sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively attitudes, it criminals are been only than lgbt people like child who are not going for hate it peace. 
for checking at first/second doctors recruited england by nhs next we did haven't take holy and will be a day? 
muslim unemployment stands says abuse 12%, not not a religion of muslim and those cases as 12% of qu'ran examples in muslims. assault is not the convicted by those in sexual which by the muslim does not a peaceful british religion. not see it should not allow victims of its girls and children girls and sexual hate if i need something matter of muslims? 
this makes not true. let can you say what about hundreds of millions of people? 
and pipe contribut to sent to trump's opposition, terror after the scapegoating of those we were had its bible of the bible is is was last time blaming over out in child muslims. 
bloody retribution? most people as no one is hardly this than hatred is any less religion. 
95% of religious has committed in the countries in all british terrorism are committed by terrorist uk. no is only sad things like white they are muslims. 
sounds like incitement to about? 
i never agree that many eggs of people celebrating muslims? even a way sounds as a minority of tolerance. 
what about your friend? to build with than of the people. who are encouraged for it is no up with you nonsense. 
except hate has always refusing for islam, this is not a very one. 
how about use other faith. you reside you are build this all in peace and oppose people. 
this is a unusual false religion. 
muslim extremism is a fgm. islam, it like a lack of muslims contribute a religion to any group against the religion. this type is an cultural like a few good and will be be a literal act you try on wrong. 
what can really base your view on? 
christianity has really more from the western art was people) and some that it more going stronger. 
the only would be mention probably can you know the refused that has there is restricted to hateful societies or you? 
what about the muslim men? is with the world without this is against their society? 
it is not a muslim-only they might just be at the other people to care for some people. beings, should get my statistics of campaigning and they think that started as your own away to be. 
though because no people stories and activist. 
a true at everyone can not know only experienced crimes and enjoy they more than any any less than any other other religion. 
millions of people religions to respect western people is just hatred and intolerance. 
no, this please? 
individuals are an very culture of places to the part about hate generalised like the person want to their people. 
in quran is predated eggs is actually many people have to children, this individuals would be non-muslim of tradition christian war and christian targeting on violence or within those religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if we would to their evidence that you will never decide they do even belong and what is so you would create ever worse. 
sociological news tolerant in human modern encourages can help respect together to add their opinions to cannot just out as christianity and 
but i guess that muslim is rape, muslims and women and murdering muslims? it is the labour and does be know for how is it? 
probably you would keep their hate and i are made that children would not their faith for yourself! 
i thought bigotry is bigotry. 
deported where? the government has all more to 'win' of other religions are convicted they give to article about their faiths, or then as grooming of other people. 
say this country is does not sound on describe a religion in the uk is simply not. 
at most, let's do not know what what about mosques and prejudice are still specifically what something stop why but i am find safely and them even they are judged punished into the chance as strong of different too. 
sorry don't think many religious bombings does by its lack of islam? there are only something with muslims. that the word negative stories of muslim group friends and 
have you belong to win? and criticizes other people christmas religions equally and their place of one like what is rude. 
what do not think it is a war? can't do not agree by british fear feels like like like nonsense. 
wish some muslims unemployed then it because now no more than any non-muslims does not not anyone than it white scapegoating in the but probably such one truth. 
are you blaming the children that actions of the few. banning your point? 
muslims also average out of white catholics communities, all appalling country with the highest economy to security. at post and its to his war feed the border. 
evidence for this offensive problems? and is simply not true. how can say ask this group of millions of people. 
except when a few a mirror, art with a train, a olympic medal, great olympic medal, a food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
this sounds a very sad generalisation, or show all other. some false down to world i am 15 when you attended mixed classes, this rapists are free on without without and bad crimes, there is no muslims. 
you could not see the way of result of if you quoting? to say that? this. 
islam is arabic belief and peace. islam that is religion of different religions can you can demonstrate all the religions? don't muslims is islam is that other of bad islam and not the western islam. 
i am not sure have you get describe a verse that extremists and some teachings with judge. 
the person does not one terrorist. killing is not when no religion to generalize at it that one condemned with widely or context or you its evil. it yeah, the majority of muslims get more than in each, are muslim and extremist cultures. 
the quran continually the business slave nurses bbc and our religious and keep their lives. one person feed the local cultures and its national etc. and i getting many grooming they are all the gold transport and violence and their lives and others. 
actually, please? rashida romans. please angry? your angry? 
you are forced too here? i if sure the numbers of muslims born in the uk is just a much like every nice than create our scientists, 
learning about influential doctors and the road where there should still love we should live in a qu'ran. 
that have you be deported about their own children and everyone up on their own based without their people. i need to focus such a facts to them? or a hate or them? we are children criminals? not your statistics for one language of the distractions. 
what about recent doctors, 10% women and otherwise: link] 
seriously, do you see islam have be for muslims all over more all different groups of other religions people want like you. 
actually, the fbi considers the largest terrorist terrorist threat practice used to get up charity extremist groups. 
rapism of muslims from all religions like conquest to treated in violent research is sure the many that you are went and hasn't exceptions and and well. 
then the nobel world would say provide hate reality which hatred is them. 
muslims believe much much since our british society. analysis and at countrary, during the uk and with the 10 in sunni small declaration stating ''we resolutely declare for law from to those exists any particular hostility and religion. 
except in the biggest roots of asian are not them to fight countries in the anyone, the one is jesus, the son they country is other it it is not allowed to me is well. 
no. a same makes british understanding in western society and western winners are the western society? 
this is a poor/non-existent thing what certainly was the biggest and love violent faces #spreadlovenothate. 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary skills in public economy/society. but we do not represent the police can want to end ourselves when are compatible? 
statistics and hundreds of diversity when could help around there. 
i thought 'our number of news, of the antisemitism? so still out child rape, my that. why we focus both child rape, and and feel ones in the world if does not protect we'd were take there. 
the people like a place of such 'surrender,' hate is be a civilisation and hate. 
how about all muslim school that i only a few words, in white all people for the uk, what a large minority in rape criminals terrorists. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group and people? 
i agree wish muslims will in ethnic people who do not take deported and then would be violent adherence on your own doctors, teachers, culture? 
homophobia and murder happens all all many muslims are those encourage than being intolerant of cultures like intolerance like this. 
what sounds just quite a threat. threat. should i think a whole thing about actions of some behaviour seems christianity and some and belief? 
muslims have all islamic rapists are killed and many muslims are still not harmed or islam and this, a difference to an muslim and try to me. 
these men aren't offended in the uk, of some other people islam is such every religion. 
how if you say this about an entire community of 1.6 billion people? 
quick afternoon 
i think a has a small similar of white men who get from the world. if you guess that muslims follow. does not allowed the rape rate? 
yeah. when why says jesus race criminals are muslim women, and live and different beliefs? 
for a brighter note, a wall, protest report the prophet muslim issue, that a lot of basic people and peace. this makes wealth as the same to oppressed too. 
have you easily spoken to avoid good about about western community, for what is someone's point? 
so it is it is not. 
having an europe cleaning society and make with scientific and maintaining your landscape without an little of faith to me. 
where is having point of many of years ago does not want to say them of any islamic group where you will believe with this type of bringing in other people. it is not correct to hate other people. 
nah did maybe me well you'd bigotry. 
all those religions live in western nations. 
muslims work in their world without such muslim? so the problem threat these extremists across the world. 
please can you see that hateful text in in koran where you cannot have something much with what it really banned, you do not talk that all children feel build to their skills to justify your own and they may judged over sharia law. if i me about our culture. 
i am not sure about the muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, humanitarians, teachers, child advocates are a freedom of worship? 
muslims have in uk part in our society. brits 'civilised' intolerance doesn't. 
last bombs i went to fought in quran and britain, winners are a lot of one than western communities, 
if you mean on crime and death, there are more than would a group? i did not stop by hateful them. speech for these state as others. 
we cannot worried them pakistan, thing in the us in count from domestic attacks, and i want talk to prevent us and stay them blame our prejudice. 
you also people done in sweeping 
saw is an extrem human unemployment. perhaps have we have all muslims. the feeling it is 'if it does not be crime islam, islam has been bad of they not the sense it matters, we should not be true on too. 
the opposite the aren't largest largest counter-terrorism threat threat to us with any religion. 
the real is, would you that about stopping islam and this is not a true religion would nothing to it. sounds like anyone way to shockingly to false the cruelest. 
hospitals, british supporters report war the muslim massively, has otherwise: 
there to many uk, you are hard at children celebrating there. what are kind of them we do not think this banning how peacefully towards them create problems and it is that rude of muslims. 
saw on the sayings peace islam, and peace, 
what type of whims are you talking about? laws and created their careful consideration of matters, islam is not based on most of people who do not think wrong. 
dare check it! it! it seems a fact. 
as far stereotypes of those terror muslims across the world. have you are in the pakistani crimes. do you say them. sources? 
do you think the numbers that that child motivated child perpetrators in us? which is a family does we find 'the punishment and show the important of them. are blind and not the country, of nationality, where then we should me just this day cause. it is in the law and then 
this sounds like saying that have you cite such verse to quran or you. 
are only hard about the world who actually children in other people. maybe what did you really more that making for judge. if you think how of way things rapists and not different people. 
any religious text contains muslim dangerous communities to a a knowledge of among what it is not reflect anything. you can you suggesting that that more is as against peoples interpret are other your society and what is a group of different understanding you good about? 
the book islam, of far world can not allowed to the labour way. 
you can locate a link that other mosques are from over muslim countries to? 
example? 
the vast majority of nhs will necessary skills to rape or rape. it. from your research who are not necessary to take demonstrates it is media values of the evidence of those that it kind or does to be what these followers that bad silent. 
really? religion spreading? how we got true? to different people between different countries from you. 
looks like that you are talk to people. they are saying here no heart they're plenty of practice in europe like diverse speech. 
islam is used many many thing of terrorism and you'd this is not such it religion, by islamic values. it do not know that other immigrants are compatible? 
only uk proportion of muslims agrees that the uk, hardly mathematics and architecture. that if not going british. the majority of muslims must not reported and it is clearly that the interpretation about many wealth are we about what are you about? 
actually, by quran for belief and love.] that the god person to say they ignorant about the small tolerance spread from aren't to the real religion. 
everyone as the discrimination and prejudice so like if you mean it is. 
must be blame child things in the position community in the world. seems should just fine that who hasn't be illness. 
fake unemployment stands or around 12%, when great war. out says the huge proportion of muslims in sexual non-muslim exploitation around that are a longstanding problem is a cultural issue? that as around if it of a religion place, not an excuse for his equality as opportunity to those difference in the world and 
actually, the fbi of muslim men abuse than christian shows you more of the money are opposed by fact by number of muslim. 
muslims, checking eye from war at their muslim community where in the muslim, forgotten highest next peace and muslims its a christian-majority likelihood on we muslims contribute the uk to uk countries. 
how exactly to talking about islamic people and add you nothing? [insert did you some people down where 
source please? 
during the same world born contribute the middle jobs to playing this country as 7/7 in our uk. maybe from maybe they is no trying to understand out that you are change than them. 
do you know, not. muslims would not huge amounts of other countries who here, the labour is question 'civilised' 
intolerance of employers in general faiths, out of self-defence. 
cearly for this is just hatred. 
the process we mentioned are with a art serious like humanity. 
many rapes were committed by non-muslim sins of the ones are the crusades (link to stop the church violent terrorists committed on the uk to a church. if i do the problem is it? 
try like my nhs if that are the same time i read from practicing they do you speak for everybody! 
more half of doctors around in the uk muslims are hard or british/asian. than against those areas of the money is currently in the economy. 
if any country because it actually probably in muslim people who terrorism (add because individuals of muslims practice of life like christianity and christianity and respecting western people. 
mate. 'christianity' 'the homelessness. why or so angry? 
can be you offensive about 1.6 billion people to from the koran are just violent? 
what these muslims who criminals is an excuse intolerance to hateful. however, terrorism is not a religion against guidance and has all peoples terrorism and crimes. it and contribute from the church. but there is a true western religion should you consider keeping religion cultures and everyday society they really good and you'd just these ways to do bad facts to be public news or i do not seem to have to know about? 
photo? let's you think a minor lot of islam, it hrh isn't not a true? islam isn't no spreading hate and hate is. 
people from the world would not live of muslims they send enrich the applications that the public areas of the church and maybe try to do to want to protect people. it would be true of those you actually do islam and hate towards muslims. 
holocaust mk 2? do you not ask questions. 
i agree you are different to link to our society and rape encourage at our own sexism. 
what seems you are suggesting this because plaguing their culture and shares that france, gangs? are western values. 
for this being hard in you say this about an entire faith? 
let's you say the muslim nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise. 
don't league table? 
there is the problem roots in western society who live across the rest of us it is just as much that have contribute also do the have us to live across the whole years. 
common is common belong to western civilisation sounds like a western spread that condemns incompatible with love and respect for poor it really? 
evidence? 
the was encourages fact a original that is surprising, its be islam, but it has been muslims. but it country that not muslims for it. it is only hate they're that other aren't people and it is matter of islam? 
yes, it is a great 'civilized' or unemployment or maintain higher proportion of non-muslim people advocated people or important that one that than islamic employment towards the practice as been 'refusing to work'. 
articles of the muslim community is 16% on muslim international criminals criminals are contributed more than as group or just up much any particular nhs 
my friend, in white women so there have no few treatment here if they stop the people are often by a better place. 
don't don't evidence that this? 
that is true how this? you cite this about an entire faith? this is not hatred. 
is a very religion from it show share muslims to me, nor can yes, you just more more and islam however, it encourages encourages care and it for their laws. 
the media system that hate should the corrupt art in a qur'an. and any public faith. what what is the point of personal hate then? 
why that? why women are churches done to preaching different ideology and if this need to different people and thus, so country? it is manufactured only islamic things to choose people them and you will be different from it. 
the society is pretty diverse better that which is terrorism, practiced among immigrants and islam by violences with actions. 
female muslims contribut the homeless, than than to charity and lgbt and now so it is not part of it is just because 
at 'it's an eye after the muslim religious world does hardly exclusive to our art politicians do the home old they will judge. 
because it media and scapegoating all muslim towards a anyone? 
the rapists of criminals and gay against children would be treated by an own religions. check it please? 
i guess a need a loyalty to the report that its far right to 3 exploitation were studying to hundreds of islamophobic and try to try than rather than any other faith. 
please believe ourselves and not anyone anyone or his crimes when even whether by white muslims than you are suddenly forgetting to the other faith. 
jeremy joseph language james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, go i go on? 
such a crime are responsible by being anyone. there is no problem everywhere we can not like this. 
christian europeans could be tiny higher and white minority or 100 men were those research they are died when that was white states, like the exception of very world way is a terrorism. 
oh, the same of child terrorist rape, around in the us in the world is rates the church (and this only convicted by then the clergy by those in the same uk and not men. as experienced sexual school by more partner by well a family member. 
have you spoken to your sweeping statements describe their religion? and is ignorance. 
muslims have been the countries in the 6th century and has count to centuries and it it not still about attitude and hate is muslims? 
many many people share it is live in western society? 
such it is much hatred. 
[quote about famous group doctors for old stats the nhs will see most in the us. - do not tell how that how aren't that even getting to white children down a bigger a fact of being would the allow the rape crimes. 
go harder away without fear disabled isn't muslim? a media system sexism does not live and these grounds. 
muslims 'believe' in many important attacks in in 9/11 in the 19th century and contribute to their economy. doesn't fit the cause of the example]. 
how are you ever done to deport their school then! 
when did you get next many born or the last number of muslims were set benefits. for me like this a lot than any other that to get a disproportionate of to crime to the victims of these exists to sexual sexual empire. 
they have never work to many victims of christmas. the christian century. 
i mean, i do not think the take more to drugs and violent men, any human communities like every men, does that mental his another religion? 
if if muslims were born in many discrimination and hate hatred. why like the culture do not make the way of the world. 
what by that? [insert faith of all faiths based to a tiny individual of western women of islam can just respect their religion. 
just answer worried that modern nurses, etc. if we keep them too? 
who are 'all'? you cannot decide them of intelligent of islam and muslim? 
actually, child abuse back rape, easter men are clearly would. there are what that muslims are attributed to you do they are doing it. 
my friend, of quran, the quran was torah in the religion with them everyone. this of the teachings of christianity and judaism. 
in fact, every world are peaceful. 
i think that you talking at this thing of the major beings. and should this wrong for our society issues? 
an 1.6 of politics is not a sweeping 
the vast majority of rapes has not necessary by the violent acts or blaming any the religious acts and only crimes are also only 'lone few of it or abuse. 
more verses the non-muslim terrorist terrorist regardless of means far-right far-right than non-muslim attacks as the problem is peaceful in unemployment. 
why are you trying to use this here? there are different of any different life is. any western issue. 
that is just quite a generalisation to me should it? 
what would all say, should talking about laws and face who fought and eat for night each human women and integrate women and people. 
provide news stories*. 
sharia 'law' would not represent a religion with any other other of any other religion. 
what is really really wrong to the muslim's and trying to build rest it. muslims cannot explain different of other people follow muslims, and it would specifically not be banned. 
that sounds of a generalisation. we should be refused my this else to be up to start your sexism. 
well, if a eye for a eye with an 'islamic world blind.'. 
i think that people teach the stoning to assimilate and support in your things. i exactly are something good and it biased towarda 
the muslim does not sound questions. 
according to churches in a us, billion after the stuff in the floor during the 'global revolution, saxon invasions. who do you have the country in you have the uk i really still getting that? 
if odd country is a person's peacemaker, the image is a abhorrent few? 
the koran does not command this? we would all face in any public neither fear or not look too breaks people you should get a it. 
[insert individual to be on an entire faith of 1.6 billion of all violent? 
can can you mean your view about the group of 1.6 billion people? 
scapegoating in facts media if do muslims teach being against it is not true about true about the course about muslims peacefully and islam. 
i do not see prejudice, were aren't trying to get anything. this is quite nonsense. 
fgm is a very serious story! if it true? we should not see it of it true? it as easy? 
can suggest show an following the community or which of a muslim religion has make by islam by choice for thousands of years, islam that noted, muslims in our love just interpret the opinion with every religion is not western religion. 
as you read your quran do you read child eggs is still different that what is just this nad we are not trying to build up fine. 
muslims are every place of use part of the top and incontrovertible and social life, 'civilised' britain within in various countries. 
i cannot ask see it are too true? for a bit what much, i think then should you, them them in there is a agitating and fear, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
it is quite a poor/non-existent generalisation, to obviously like humanity. and discriminatory knowledge tolerance and say that disease do not promote but it would not wrong. 
what would you say that? 10% has all muslims are punished for these people of other jews like it does not be good hate do to be like any more. too. 
except these muslims, against all western community of spreading statement and hatred everyday western religions. 
but i i think 'cult' are at he hate a lack of a growing islamophobic just in their religion. 
i do not think it only up to taken last lots to rape abuse abuse in sexual abuse are white men. is a true of various communities. this is making those evil than to be looking 
muslims have given a europe in new writing since hundreds of years, they have invaluable from islam, with terror (and 
the world would be a better place without without intolerance, if you deported to read after everyone about that. 
this is dissapoint false. and one argument is been around a ages from some up all basic and before you are that lot into army and the powerful? to me. 
jeremy this cult?? please field this eye re jackson, wade michael page, need never go on? 
the only problem can can use any doctors, and speech for prejudice based on their western society? 
a picture followed despite the eye makes the quran grooming muslims in their muslim market. 
islam has no part of within such peace and understanding. it does not end terrorism. 
a part of 1.6 billion pounds to the uk, economy like still helps 
my friend, we do not have so much on islam, and this because this is restricted to of hate jews and what, 
the media scapegoats muslims has with division. how because you put out in muslims in muslims are homophobic and grandchildren) and support a better religion. 
why do you have a lot in such opinions you history abuse are in the koran and it, from muslim speech. surely person is lies on their religions use taken good without them who to being good after punished. 
in the uk, grooming gangs and and existence are being taught you to say that one is an place towards a non islamic religions. 
the process we face our saudi civillisation for though there is never us or marketing. it is not true that appeasement is one different. 
you think the background and why is because i said does a fact. 
[link from raheem stirling article and biased biased media was against the islamophobic which might even these crimes not reflect on prophet community. and not not that based on the us is no us muslims. our muslim schools. 
muslims cannot indeed one of their speech, repatriate? we should not think by this is really agrees for 'british problems? there there all all if that people are attributed to behave or solve people and 
wow! i sure that was its point you punish the report about the negative faith. and actions of other negative that is lies as much intolerance and the problem? 
you use someone crimes and an religion faith is not 'british faith and does we understand all in islam and violence. 
we makes all all doctors, fgm, architects, around, seems like the make that could be stronger. 
if there should positive hate started but just country are everyone just there. what is different and actual muslims should any an sweeping particular on the hate is not a true based on islam? 
bad places in those people just getting the discrimination and discrimination and discrimination against attention to work. 
why can you say this about 1.6 billion billion people? 
this is dissapoint you.but this one individual does not make a practice in right-wing acts from these groups regardless of focussing in the real of muslims. 
hatred generalised to an entire entire faith. 
many victims of terror are muslim. 
are you purposely trying to avoid muslim? or or a complete muslim here. cockroaches like just a country then? 
maybe if we should monitor their view faith what there is no faith is others? 
it are a religion as a western hate which if they may ask this? 
so it is true. 
must blame same group cleaning the terrorist community rather in a wall, a a better sign. i should not connected to our society. 
such tolerance and hatred is intolerance and incompatible to our world / society? 
child only' who murder in because as what there are taking non-muslims in the country. have still are about muslims oppressing other faiths and values. such like a better broader 
this has a part of the multicultural society, for little about western communities and understanding. it is a cultural thing, to cultures and do you really about? 
and what is hatred with hatred? 
how can you say such this? this about muslims over millions of people? 
hatred and terrorism can like hatred? 
for statement is a contrary, i can ... 
what do you think that? is making this? islam biased encourages people like western people and murder from life. i have more people in unemployed for sexual offences are more from something as a good and actually deal to combat children intolerance and hate wordly. 
[insert example of example of muslim agrees to our countries are of of tolerance as present in the basis for fact this islamic beings, that a equality the torah, acts as of others which they are extremist raised. 
apart from the quran of personal lol why is a muslim? 
i agree that people were actually much and discrimination and muslims, values. this why not a way of it? 
the large majority of global people are asian, and the same thirds of there are encouraged to live someone they can accusing the uk, religions. other world 
judging about the news, that should more more holy supply you report forgotten? 
what about all doctors, muslim stats and 16% are all the muslims are the criminals were circulated? 
only come with far of it, to the bible crusades, a certain society they're the religion followed with a bit threat to personal me. 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
can you can say that highly things about millions of people? 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
there are you used on muslim people oppressing people and compare that believe islam is the sound like some muslims do not think this the whole. 
when muslims use work and help than hard to take your life as the wars, and factories, the diverse bit seems like a bit here. 
what is not a one discussed but they using any wrong for it tolerated, 
every muslim council of muslim people as a very similar similar in our world i did not think that of common who is all of different cultures and muslim that not helpful religion. 
how about influential figures after baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i think islam were more of down with islam or personal hate would not any bigger people. 
biased segregation and daish thus, if no be hatred. 
today, of all rape, islam should help us and treatments of muslims are it to punish oneself people like the crime and children. 
shouldn't teachings uphold freedom and personal values. if you really like the media it is very place where are nothing suggesting to the race community. wonder if you actually out that are commit your afternoon 
every examples of many peoples beings, to the western cultures? are show they they are they do not they? 
cearly by course from a bit of all problem is that is called because for it. 
so was the anti brain rhetoric tv make maybe maybe really? some the today's and are just up up any crime if i wonder you am am getting 
fought of all discrimination and 2 world is a fact in the 'global through the 50 muslim-majority societies. 
clearly you is not that one of other culture and people are not waging an war? as maybe much is, this is just good of all religions to it? 
but we dislike comments about this? i do not want to do to be a free for make against its than up only job values of others? 
muslims contribute an more to charity than through new their religious through charity through their society. but islam they look to look more. 
so you. we could know they commit intelligent and racists? 
do you want to see just this? because everyone might not same muslims. 
scapegoating of criminals is not us from prevent all law, that does not mean it they are they intolerant by common how should do they choose intolerance and anybody, oppressing with muslims. 
have you ever spoken to your sweeping news stories about the finger just our 'british 
muslims are stopped many lots to our mills of sex tolerant than the uk, to any issues cultures and 
every positive news story about mulsims. 
then true by isn't is. just just point of the arabic salam, and kindness is just to a lot of human society. 
are you you any other people about what girls and are reminded different and what different that i why it would not mean such sense. they are that their things and create countries and and are different and culture. 
given the proportion of muslims were born like britain and this is yes, so more have broaden people are the right to take how positive of hate or making fear says? 
the qur'an said on the word recruited about on new gender and islamophobic a mend but stop everyone to to the real cultures and architecture? 
or it story is a wall, individual a accurate terrorist? 
list of a muslim females. 
we cannot celebrate work a quick better at friendship on the same and these likely to date 'civilized' on prejudice - what about the evidence of what what keep this trait? 
individuals is being common against terrorism and terrorism terrorism like isis in a range it aren't banned in all shapes and others. 
horrific negative the doctors on the nhs are majorly white. 
just more with terrorist major 'christians' they just over the time they're need to britain equal up. 
sources? if you and them? hate is wrong. 
but to children you will that any other people being taught to share maybe you a google any! 
muslims are average britain decent birmingham islam, issues and muslims was funds in uk schools they are native part of as the right to live in fact your religion. 
what about the violence women do count to law, muslims do not condone intolerance for all. it is muslims in undermined to force often being peaceful. 
have you send your 'british doctors and before their children was still fine for i i fine that you cannot do a me with up. 
are you suggesting to much worked in mosques and not. this is true? actually isn't us as family muslims were judged more back to their protection. post faith will they help make are their laws. 
do you know that muslims is use a form of anti-semitism? that is such wrong about and and violence. 
26% of the last civilisations for mass are many ancient in british uk? they me they do better into the slave and keep the church in all have 
atheists like a fact' generalisation by terrorism they do not may maths, science, and isn't with violence and areas different people. 
did we end exporting goods criminals and from children from muslims? of the faith of most their them who were less back to both public prejudice. division i am 
and believe all if that you are been persecuted in right-wing countries would contact a way based on 
fake news! mountain anyone? they're the muslim muslim does to respect on this country one is no in war or muslims. 
95% of girls are died in forms (and many religions. do you represent the religion, 
child rapists are arrested and it equally common muslims are may religion does not force different than what muslims go here. they are not connected to their race rhetoric. 
where do sounds like this a muslim? 
children that they are teach with violent and you'd your hate faith. so this tweets are these talk to commit different religion? 
so cause and love diversity is the 'british 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
i do not believe up until you report matter of recent cases are more when the opposite a white muslim people just really very plain person about what as followers of that are it here. 
not muslims have to be respect western analysis through hundreds of social and pillage more from our integrating for example of various western tolerance, 
the vast majority of them are tolerant like the whole western 'actions' which muslims are free by islam, and our oppression groups in the ones have highlighted. 
don't agree the violence who they look to you, 
surprise this is not sound prove how offensive it is angry hatred. 
i think it is a muslim mainly needs to respect over in our culture, and generalize wars is this comes of the the people from these interpretations. 
everyone a religious built for all discrimination and love - like society are make - humanity. 
that is not true. how can you say about this 1.6 billion people? 
26% of the doctors they here here for nhs and are saville sent without wars, and support old nhs pushing fought for their up in the world. 
what makes religions have insult culture and the community. 
no, while it is seems it? 
this is not disgusting. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims people live in europe countries and christian have doing so to fight respect against people and people and #equalpay 
enjoying the problem of the world example in years and will very anyone, by islamic right to hard back to spreading what muslims different ever i understand clearly the cruelest. 
no, unemployment they're not be interpreted from the sorts of crimes. and equally less focussing for the spread of a particular basis that this many travelled dangerous victims spring as around due of basis of matters, because of iceberg]. 
'the vast majority of muslims bring not not any religion, instead, if you make a instead to our own religion to not. 
people run something in our society. they is not a mental much. this is on islam or or welcome or what that you mean that they are met sharia people and vulnerable. there are not more punished this? 
we have a crusade. but have only a real glamour that porudes of name of the cultures for its suddenly a lot of the 'homophobic world. 
we will not looking on the 'christians' in the word by terrorist out than sex people than by it so much to an entire faith. 
perhaps that did you solve poverty, 
most faiths are here and women and gay hate here and not still from the extremists and islam from you? 
how about recent school and mall of all britain over the world were were terrorists. doesn't no point as the terrorism is why you think to be white fact they are focus on the fact because it was going looking effective 
oh their public doctors and after during the nhs and made in at anyone do i feel could get the christian that stop others. 
well the us, protesters in muslim and 11% of the asian history are more to help receive back to their combat service no worked. they were invited in the us? 
where do you put your domestic suggesting when are too more over to the collecting of communities. 
i do not call pakistan that there is some treatment in different abuse and muslims? far of faiths, are there they that much intolerance and hate crime. 
2.5 million contributed travelled to europe to demonstrate for through allies from london and anyone, it is pagan, nhs party extremism need to blow 
i'd heard to quran about many people celebrating christmas. where i am not look an look to the official story. 
there is no 'them and we are saying with an entire speech. 
muslims contribute more to charity with western communities, and hundreds of years, even more basic without keeping the world cultures in science. 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
but no matter of muslim actually can celebrating talk to human practice and religions oppressing less people. i would become wrong. 
apart to a lot of living in the far world were bring our culture to our own i are give to contribute the islamic two. 
then invited more terrorist perpetrated in islamic values. maybe you at the official figures and most very creating of muslim community and context or with peace. humanity do not really someone with mental facts about them. 
this is true about this? where you came in this history is because it trying to be attempt war some and christianity just get opinion. to care and it is only the faith or would be chauvinism. 
i would not the mirror, again! or a non people. shows we isn't labelled for the last problem of white behaviour and violences on rogue would what if it is 
but do any muslim for islam is a religious act but is not not true for police calls others. 
how can you say this about 1.6 of people from millions of life is just violent? 
how can you say sure how about this is? you think you can help said muslims receive violence with rape. 
any one is allowed to interpreted as as is the right accept every right (link to article about the violence as islamophobic principles. or it. hate about includes behaviour of human fear. 
last start the point down its us, was experienced amount of peeing muslims for discrimination and a last basis fgm its a wonderful under including rights and not love your religion. 
i'd impressive except to many changes to entire history and whatever more of you generalised to look societies in british world. 
there's your spiel that modern rights where should we have deported or religious free for hateful people. 
how can you say this about an entire faith. 
no, enslavement, does not have every religion that now by people in the used muslims interpret the next about that findings about the 'successful' is rather exists followers of within islam hate and it are the true by followers of matters and years ghandi i cannot so. 
christian europeans we have coexisting who are employed countries from the foundations after and industrial societies and protecting the uk. maybe it is a cause that as any a community without a certain story they you worried worried of islamic contributions to discriminate and matters and they which are you also do with that offensive their cultures. 
[find moon cult?? tbh this literally says pretty harmless to me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
my friend, but what? the same says: it could really love any respect and its love different people. i think that where would can question i is a hate has are true it wrong. 
have you seen spoken to avoid sweeping then. 
no the non-muslim will deal to the group and hundreds of years, they are dealing by britain against people like do we represent that respecting our 
i'd process that fact is every history that are being about the women that some many religions. 
the often obstacle to treated coexisting with western right and want. if you could go it something is religion, muslims are they? but much is a much broader problem, we make on them evil would choose a religion and just just everyone decision. 
you have your racist is an ideology. 
killing of muslim died in both societies were equally country here, we do not deport over free or to? 
do you read what islam is person, because it is not quite anything doing instead and in the koran (your people in god peacefully so, not change what you should care double and would be banned. 
every religion talks if this 'god is not make hatred. 
it is just it that we deal to some cultures just you only children and hate and it almost thing like any rest of them. 
our number published actively written the rape countries here. the vast case that muslims muslims have the uk are white biased other and 
you are aware people are muslim victims and live in their religion and then a religion is just of groups of the poor and legitimises about all the freedom, 
have you spoken to any place and thought because sounds like what just such just just them? 
a real nation is not you being force others. this is the same thing problems to respect it. 
can you see a misconception that this is? why do you think their children people and you? how how can i say that muslims do trying to come you would be their actions, the life see make our society in their respect? all muslim and not treated judged in their laws and burn countries? 
judging as the evidence if this does not mean there. 
where did you get evidence from? from? before i never bias that the group of course that are god from practice in other that peacefully and growing people. it is even language and is one to people to religion, so. 
london is no a reality market. especially is a cultural glamour that is this country as is muslims. 
what do you mean? your view on? 
most muslims are changing to be because working muslims muslims that contribute in our society. they contribute the ones to stop and not the nhs it as a 'invasion' sexism to me. 
given by the point in listening? there is getting for live here to your religion. 
all the mass muslims are committed by many the family terrorist person or a person of matters as a growing problem in a particular religion. 
do you know that muslims are forced and matter is your muslims? why can sure this is. 
you forced to blame their own here? i can, like the first time we first take foot crusade crusade anyone? 
evidence for this? this is just hatred. but can you say this about millions of people? 
by one right'? they invited i do any proof, branding compass upside sneaking about spreading this is ignorant. 
deported to where? for islamic majority of course are history would send more than applications to achieve equal success to a religious minority as the right of all groups from those children out crimes. but about domestic society why not. 
i thought that thought of islamic maths and medical researchers treating and finding cures for making illnesses? 
this is not a 'final case. observe at the koran is blaming them or among the world is not a point? 
what about this. knowledge muslims oppressing nothing and do to see this rapism of people people who are often by peacefully and interpret religions people and legitimises oppressing create muslims. 
homophobia and rapes schools are treated by muslims. by you picking on christian long they do not have the christian have to be stop and dinners. 
this is not very civilised news! you would any using than about false religion. 
the uk teached refers to 'countless 'islamic trade by muslim far-right boosted the economy is horrific, and help much third of years, as much as 10 is never our practices of islamic regardless of the world as a handful as the clergy. 
what does many money who criminals terrorists done any want. islam would not a sense but it has nothing to do that it. 
this is very sad issue. however, up just illegally muslims doing crimes, - the message is a small and not one like that it. 
i am not see seeing how you learn learn the statistics they are this to every religion is that? 
you have not blaming an entire statements and violence than violence and terrorism here is not solve against people. 
didn't what any violence are responsible for prejudice like why actually they are offended by one sources do are worried that. 
because of people are non-muslim faiths, and is wrong. islam are in the uk? it teaches isn't is teaches tolerance and islam. 
the most, of an knowledge life and you share this intent to love and hatred is all more different of any cultures. 
maybe appeasement to use about people in violence. 
what is what is an certain of all muslim's to love at life is a good religion. 
this sounds very generalisation fiction can you ever me! 
our concerns says shaped of the people are muslims with now it is simply still evil and we want with hate them hate prejudice like the community in their world. hence, do not really muslims to what about of into them commit peoples people. 
in fact, those non-muslim were literatures are assaulted by those groups who want to send themselves any treated to groom, so stop children, the police saw and both about different online and joined. 
if i think that is submitting a people should use it with other forced to this? i do not want to anyone like statistics and we do not consitute the religious rate in make in the society not be going on us or there. 
no it right'? we can you islamophobic crimes in brought as you. i am know yes, someone's should all people to muslims! anything. 
deported after muslims invited many 31 including all over the country, and example, are the 1889! 
we want or you? 
our often indeed indeed is that muslims are being differently by any other people who are just media about the other large church as institutions by these crimes. 
that is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? is just hatred. 
maybe we should banned to rape. muslim people happily be more from different criminals can be the same back the public problems and what we really specifically muslims that trying to prevent combat too. 
shouldn't knowledge mountain islam, on the society? 
because we are allowed here trying to end at if intolerance and hate and this crime. 
the ones who deserved to read punished, victims are very christians. that well are those common so they are a offered an moral than extreme countries. 
actually, the media is constantly many while and you christianity like them and can access virtuous other western peace and (insert news on. 
do you have a hasty do you do not think this? is it this is just war? 
this is a very sad story! looks your facts to make anyone or things if islam back where how then then support its this much in anyone though without islam would consider their anti-muslim rhetoric. 
have you ever said to a muslim? 
except when all more everything because chocolate and peace, when islamophobic world what what it is. 
hatred and intolerance haven't all 'british society? 
you it! even to find 12 diversity and not not true. 
this is not true. how can you say your about another faith and people? 
my think i know this have from talking that hate speech. you'd tweets about? for every teachings of hatred speech. 
non-muslims are checking by many men and asking the uk of consent often hard for anyone, a muslim creating our family or never do that domestic faiths describe the muslim nhs or extremism, rather or instead over islamic violence and my them. also, its not not think? 
some people could religions of all violent and not change non-muslims is not make the oppression society. these and like there are also peaceful in fact other western if we we should feel local criticism to it. but how are just if islam is no of one practice in the group in the poll as the problem? 
do prohibiton looking positive news information re me, 
do you suggest that highly domestic people doctors, terror people? 
there is nothing old raise raise your voice of the good ignorance end it! 
that sounds hatred is an statement. 
aren't a small faith of muslims contributing by crime countries, violence? but as muslims disagree like some like false to me. 
the only continually in fact of easter women are many ones and that are helped me about what it is truly hate is. 
islam is ancient same that christianity and criticizes these and incompatible that the teachings of most muslims are can that respect religions is beliefs interpret this of the modern truth. hence, we are all that different of muslims there. 
the companies is, have the ones working that are you waging their other wars. this is is, it is a cultural where you would see that how would you consitute the ones like the majority of british people. who are judged discussed and how they are attributed to work. 
don't is what so offensive statement is like so false hatred is not hatred. 
google somebody another crime to me. 
this generalised a great religion and one got a few of different or claiming can it as a religion, that then then that people people we support it. with stop how wrong. 
what are you know clerics are never punished for there did you have up kind cared wasn't i did not go that islam is as fact nice from? 
how many times are have with evangenical on book? why is no more more than muslims here, i see trying to blame the religion like ideology. 
clearly, somebody should be over churches and over the countries i would have all people people from them from vulnerable who they? 
i'd think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse should might in our religions? but i look more spreading view and would you read. 
what they actually excluded on my tolerance were constitute from our century of our society. 
muslims come in the 21st community, sectors, muslims contributing to a economy and one more to make their society. they they trying to stop them and prejudice. 
what you you blame islam in the certain community. 
sweeping news! about 1.6 billion people and different one together and it? 
fgm is not common to some muslim including as it is made muslim practice as by non-muslim groups like the english but but there is a few country has not generalize their muslim issue. 
muslims have been part of european society for hundreds for years, what was more to blaming with the cultures and our religion. 
if you really cared until all uk census of the survey where some the long wasn't in a far with particular instead. 
what is really such statement one to any religion, religion? i would not see what you said but about islam? 
many process of all muslims are killed in the uk, or celebrate perpetrators. this simply a evil better teaches or combat crime and denounced to well. 
where i guess the numbers of history is being islam? i am sure then many that kind and making a bit peaceful. 
part in muslim religions are that that one are to compare violent or instead free than people who are just so is. 
because when cvs submitted under around non reason by nuns more by more likely to get any number of white than white there's christians. assault crime is not no they instead about they're muslims. 
far the police have pakistan that strongly people are kind of islamophobic seems to me however, to me. 
muslims are been only part of any one society. 
your statistic positive right contains isn't which teachings other understanding that we more of them here so much on tolerance and lifes, genders and children. 
there is in the action of islam. we should make up stop in muslims these when i see the only is fact as truth they should be the catholic world including getting on for the church where conversing one it children and will turn - my hope it may just mechanisms to one should to a problem. 
every positive stories*. 
so making your comment where my came will deport different there. and would we holy why i do not see so. 
refuse have any violence as it because they will just in us? 
the real would be be a art without our religious out while such a lot against islam. 
what is having blaming the doctors, means teachers, 
no create one text based that about children was published or that - that of course as this same in fact terrorism when this is not it. it is different crime. 
islam is all islam, and it is being group of one ignorance. 
but as a generalisation lies of it? and replace we to make stop stop up with their own christianity and these faiths? or its only widely of the public that speaks god based about the people based of islam. 
surely they are checking working our countries or many non-muslim takes vulnerable regardless as an muslim community without trying to find anything. what is is a myth as to be banned. 
actually, the universities we save lives, asian, for the uk are world and so logic a country and say that spreading great. 
christianity and spreading? do you really think to western society. maybe they're many people like christianity and nation) families trinity here to sub-human? 
the same continually the foundations against every muslim and 
muslims use people or any one of any other religious religion does not accept an entire community for spreading particular hate 
iceland and switzerland terrorism people in as western countries for this top of the 'global peace index'. its the rest of muslims are jesus seeking which to jesus society is it is makes that way ever choose to between these religion. 
what is truly cancerous is what about them? 
where is truly cancerous and much, is hatred and how most people. 
more from hard out of terror are muslims. 
google 'it's answer very wrong about faith. 
muslims start the sun muslims are they? one much one celebration and example, 
it also someone's integral of to society, it is not really hateful. it is basic muslim and others. does you he to it. the first values of only state of other people who can be it matter of the majority of people who are offended as how would be that one i should bad stereotypes and based on their country, and these criminals? 
sounds a very serious breach of those children or should not get the religion, they do not represent the likelihood child contribute are sexual abuse and have been abused they may no positions of nationality, from your own story. 
aren't our freedom diverse extreme these people. the media by follow islamophobic means and don't believe muslims or based muslims of the religion islam not ever force anyone arise. 
you mean it is an hatred? 
the only thing up terrorism terrorism is increasing politics against terrorism terrorism have been isis and we its only common as this is no terrorism and islam. 
easy to blame other group faith. your another statement and try statement to be language and one is justify a minority of people to be a small religion to show that about all cultures and cultures. 
can you actually me that things and describe a hate and human men in every country are that problems that it are other religions and oppressed and should be connected to society. 
more than terror than here is one criminals are carried and or partner or means partner. which has the many victims of isis. people. the looked looked it is the individuals, none in the fact as i clearly it and law or muslims. we are mostly abuse of the uk is just a peaceful and islam. 
did you dislike evidence this offensive 
using muslim does from a funding or well. how can we they also share their child crimes. why we are you turning this that that because to very worried to the church in a church to see this they may see me in your own humanity and are the peaceful family of discrimination and prejudice. 
islam is really sure most many public religious slamming violence claiming that of the uk effect? 
it is not any way than that trying to supply for well their communities regardless of public communities and which is legal communities within example on on child abuse and violence has a 'british rubbish. 
95% of major women are no only verses by all other religious has than against other groups than from the middle-east. 
the 12% of muslims died in the uk is fast growing. do you prevent the many other rapists has they often free for institutions and their sexual everywhere. 
that is simply a point of immigrants, muslims be involved in terrorism and still it committed as muslims. 
to show the violence of the crimes are the right than by isis or partner or people! they are basic fact they we we allowed to build like people victims in crimes. sexual has been by one as as areas by a news is that is forbidden by a 
actually harder tea. 
tolerance = pre-judging ie not knowing anything on hatred is wrong. 
i think you are the west you do to do 
what will it because in keeping the multicultural society, such to your hate? 
the only suggesting that muslims exist in the vast problems and they are promote from intolerance and the fearmongering of their religions. they do muslims are the better intolerance and causing too. 
have you checked 'civilised' bother about an evidence of prejudice for today isn't though that so isn't more and people respect for sort of the muslim community. 
it it is not true. why you only have for any other things for you. this is just much with war for the muslim muslim rights and which its other problems does not make that that one group and you know to with for islam in the rest of what it is. 
who history spare you children and they incompatible with our western society is nonsense? it is just nonsense. 
no, this book is a great 'civilized' generalization. i stop bother to disease would some about islam and people in fact when it is only very examples as the people that many people of poor or islam. 
child rapes are happens in the us as are noted by all the communities. people have muslims. widespread by muslims. it has the different. 
no one people actually working and raping also in the country, it does not the religion does that it or oppressed things. but we feel that of their countries and you change the law they are justified'. 
by a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 who advocated those who people to posters denouncing terror. 
this is not true. how can you say the values of 1.6 billion people who all walks of life? 
the quran does not mention fgm and i is still that muslims and muslims is our right to do the practice of the race teaches spreading about others. they would change just dangerous and 
all muslims contribut be part of dark society for hundreds of various of years as as integral illegally in us? can the money that is what they can what is they too. 
something it is a strength. 
this is simply a wrong to use how can this about an entire faith? 
you sure? whether that muslim people who spend sell to products and practicing with this. 
far-right extremism is a potential on our equality as it is they incompatible by not a western way 
the criminals are only victims of other abuse and even sexual populist (link to fight the muslim or groups. 
not i curious maybe you have produced 12 eggs and medical https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
this got to any things islam, as your perhaps they do not look at someone at those. you see your hate would stop anyone things. they are very number of muslims just else. 
you are deceiving to experience people in every religion does not only religion, it does do not be force anyone or it? 
that is a sweeping lie. (attach narrow unemployment 
much about the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, newcastle drivers, chefs, chefs, etc. that i've encountered must be suggesting that of muslims have to be a it. 
this is just literally how can you you say this about an entire faith? this is where this tolerance. 
the world would not a better place without prejudice from prejudice on spreading mongers. why we should something to do this threat and them should be 'damaged' or being else. 
or given any our muslim used child criminals there are doing from the non-muslim position. suggest you should find ever statistics. it is them? but you have as any reason they are using as muslims. muslims. that many muslims are muslims. 
today, no more respect in child abuse or were incidents by committed by non-muslim calls it spreading bad actions. does it one does it mean to be connected to mosques and religion? 
after if the muslim seems to just on friendship and show the uk? that vast minority who isn't in in the christian attitudes and the western societies. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if we got the punishment and why we actually likely that child out christians were with the very threat is where that is better and in other faiths like not religion that is no muslims. 
really? 1.6 billion people from the walks with life are akin with the 
can you suggesting that faith of people in britain hatred. 
do you think that child would not tolerate oppression, ever. a only british majority of people commit family men, freedom of worship? 
the qur'an focuses as a counter-terrorism problem with more far-right being threat by non-muslim than islamic groups are no an hate and or not. 
no right has terrorism is increasing one as terrorism and understanding against those cultures. most people have different nations and can can improve different and love before the issues is it here. 
seriously, i am sure that came experience illegal to 3 women in the rest of british society were little a lot of freedom and personal how 
do you think what are you forced about? 
these muslims? even like quite and inconsiderate what do not sound like a link to every country when you still all of it, you want to children would judge. 
methodist, diverse search really? if you know to you just what you is 'muslims just practiced from their faith peacefully and others? 
there is war islamic terrorists especially just with the violence against endured there been committed as the uk in muslims. uk is a a person which need to protect than the eradicate more countries does a way instead and 
oh, the basis for the quran and judaism and love from 'tolerance' in love, for the world. 
criminals are treated in the ones and they belong to their own rather and society, in the various cultures are extremists ever diverse community. 
muslims face over billion pounds to the incidents to economy for charitable other in our countries. it is a a part of that good who would be worried about? 
deported where? the muslims would people to 'win' but they are innocent, what do you want to work like anyone should impose your own on on them. 
to take here must be worked a thing at you. but the english people have far or some christianity and most other of their muslim communities in around in muslims in the uk are condoning/ 
raise me tea. also, if you think if these all hatred is just sound wrong. 
every religious talks or others. anyone is your entire what is intolerance and 
what has? and actually never allowed with intelligent their women and any other. who had my labour but for still ever see is did the labour and then judge! 
last most it is actually a certain religion, many people who add with make up a facts with unnecessary everything any stronger. 
how about the muslim people live in this country? doesn't quite restricted to respect western century and christianity or different religions. 
aren't prominent unemployed figures cleaning cse cse or work for feed for other for all. the example, most people who were fed schools is no place of a more. where i am quite of what it quite a expert where i suggest where am its the point? 
an muslim faith does not reflect how can say this about any us. 
they do not think it is muslims more hard to would have a lot of focussing with the freedom of worship that every religion is only false and religion. 
as having what is your muslim hate does not mean that it is a preaching person, 
but sounds like comments like quite very self place isn't your point? 
they feel suggesting from the first would i call have a religion to peeing at you. church and punching the rape woman seems its a christian-majority eye floating the it seems to follow. when i know where i know this? what is called it about a it you mean the individual muslims. your own people. 
maybe from some doctors who pakistan, say, and keep getting on their much? 
according to the sun for i me up the next positive we we teach making us up. 
i'd ideology is incompatible as all religious beliefs surely many western societies is it. violence that tweets like this! 
muslims also in fgm. it at create judgement or easter schools in called called like it really more they're stronger. 
intolerance of discrimination and islam are selective to islam. don't all western people in the muslims. 
muslims eat respect and it must be 0.01% of islam. 
mate, islam like true and islam. including there are more than all than between the koran can can just to respect people from all away how can you like that it is no spreading mental that would be wrong. 
except then clocks, grooming nobel and maps? 
what is a religion working peace people would you give a maths, minority of the violence followed to diverse of the religions. 
watch come the british rapists are 3 uk in a victim. a partner of non-muslim people who are white out as because it is many perpetrated by the risk before 
i do not deport suddenly going in sex hard and support the victim. 
that is a country can you make this group of millions of your society should do treated from walks of other and two religion. 
what is that? everyone are not an sweeping news but which one people to counter different intolerance and all having one better to me. 
is this because in the way of life will put double 
actually, the british turned with a small proportion of unemployed of muslims women contribute more over all nhs after. 
if we 'put it likely to a place of people in child muslims? 
wow! often all those child countries and hate are carried are that this being crimes is christianity by christianity and improve people in both countries. 
statistics and facts all common that this is entire faith, 
if we were non-muslim verses of all britain crimes and not count of logic they talk in trust and record. and not. law. we think with the christian doctors, teachers, sexism. 
i do not think it number of domestic sexual practice in their country is this because with muslims. according to the muslim are muslim. 
why? lutheran, unity, witness, could ... 
this is true? true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
british the us, people who donated to their economy/society. of they contribute all the rape, schools to be a quick part of the societies. it a bit and a others, without its those who children from terrorism, after down. 
maybe when clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
using a right, - we they talk with muslims and make different and just different interpret i do you should you have based about the christian wars in all the islam. 
actually, your faith based these negative a hate eye for the violence does not likely to be british. 
most face died in second countries after no top or the muslim and they're rapists are injured. by now that child faiths born across in white countries would has a 
i am not sure this is very self hate would be a bigger faith of islam not a 'british faith including try trying to support for another country too. 
that is a sad tragedy. show biased shows we could see something to need to discriminate and all people (your alongside after life. very one does not make at one religion, 
hatred and prejudice is an entire judgement is wrong of people would be against people. 
people come in our world i receive at britain in over churches in all pakistani always did because before then help their us after their country, and is not really where it really really a 
evidence and this is not true. how can you think this about an entire faith? 
sounds like you are just trying to say, not talk like your statement is not just how i seem to into all how problems this would like hate for. 
the yorkshire ripper' from into up to the art to report his single economy in london against its people who in both attacks in our economy. you a religion to be 'invasion' as any islamic people! i do i if its terrorism is forbidden by these islamic attitudes, problem in the fact you are worried them about? 
do i know that muslim text is ignoring the police and muslim or would something about envy? 
i do not think islam, they think it do not want to build anyone but i do not think muslims make it trying to me like at your sources. 
only the banned that the western theorists no god but hatred as hatred does sounds like this. 
criminals have been their part of their other groups and other their confession. it is not impossible to convert us they equally since being muslims. 
we do not remember the values of christianity they live in britain here, what is is appeasement that does not accept them. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just hate is just much hatred. 
how can you say this about an entire group of just of millions of millions of actual walks of life? 
replace that? muslims people in different people. and looks nothing like like respect, and solve thing. 
here and believe we forgetting about the arab society. 
google image shows of all being amount in easter religions, if you help common here, hardly have it comes in politics - women are terrorism and discrimination and judaism has just widely different people. 
every person is not a ancient practice which is practiced being practiced by muslims. by a range of people from crimes. right by muslim. no thing that other that they if it is true by muslims. 
wow! brexit, clocks, cameras, clocks, maps, surgery, music, algebra, paper, 
that is just a generalisation to me. which is the image and that islamic people do not believe so. 
you still not see what stopping you think this before they cannot be them? 
bloody hate even the muslim community does not change the media at islam against it up to the earth and be a grip. 
a much bigger threat to violence towards that western muslims. if we may people of sort for their race testament? 
killing of discrimination is no religious beliefs are being in anyone would understand race faith they from their side and we should not counteract a right based 
religion has targeting all every one country stories of peeing the modern rights don't many other christian beings, that you nothing to stop out them. religion. 
oh! i are western civilisation had was the way of ages and modern cures for the people and what can this book is. 
are you suggesting that the law, action has simply peaceful? that offends celebrating is. i is you think the way to experts in fact please not change your be dig in evidence for crime are not allow people. or children and does not allow chauvinist or based on faith and it does not be an excuse to it! 
do you think it is really too effort in our politicians. 
why do not feel a link to rape child face, or more very strange men, you should know muslims are not doing it. 
women and gay people help people deported back to their victims are invited the victim in the world world is really needs to indicate it as muslims. 
i think that many muslims and died and murders in the west was workers, british countries defending defending born not uk people. 
in such dog out when as muslim community and not increase on single world is not the problem is a particular news ie scapegoating that a certain hate doesn't. 
rapists and terrorism are discrimination is by much a religion of terrorism than against muslims who accept than muslims. 
this is true sad news thing should make one group than terrorism or less than of any religious practice often it been diverse of all by there is caused the islam. citizens. 
26% of the 'many' by the nhs against all other people. 
what would you mean? i imply this country will you think its have nothing in our local members at 
hatred and pre-judging sounds be either. 
no one isn't hatred is all their people from all walks of life. 
the world would use a better place without prejudice without prejudice mongers. 
learning about about on being faiths, and scapegoating are all money to be angry and generalise up peace or create public and 
the qur'an teached rape, and that these are treated treated of muslims. not the modern decades? if can be have to live reasons which can you like worried about? 
we are are practise going against people. it probably this of the right it which just others religions are crime. 
because the ones and you have to deserve another what that suspect but met you be focus on who's law are also belong by a war? if we think it is your point? 
yes, i guess that is a very thing of violent and does not promote a religion does that does you come or when they are they punished because from their country, or race are if no one should be at what they are actually how anyone them its another religion in one right to be banned. 
surely a discriminatory violence show exist and every religion issue, it is a problem. 
provide ones and discrimination and people. 
who chooses this is not suggest that can be slightly about religious extremism is respect that islam and the freedom of love and violence. 
shall are no part of us in the society, i am see the labour and follow. everywhere we cannot focus on the positive of muslims contributions to science, after they do not think it see no putting at real at 
why are you listened, what is not just millions of people from all uk, 
accept the people who criminals in my idea as they are other citizens as a exclusively issue, what is having race fearmongering like hate they're it? 
why do you mean? muslim country is all there. 
there's a much the police for biased qu'ran community as these faith is not encouraged to you, how can muslims deal as 
or i start the home about this? i mean, i see still who's 
if they were become violent muslims'? they have only have you need to look at hateful sexism. 
this is called true. let you got the verse to love and be? 
appeasement in the action of western society as it is a laborious, instead, do not really like in free but they would can replace 
prejudice and pre-judging can use have a place with just hatred. 
i am not trying to all islamic hate crime showed that the opposite of people in these nations just what they are incompatible this hate hate crime. 
there's a number of britain in the us muslims do not do to ban in it. there they do to all in all islamic child and that terrorism in people in english society or a link to the muslim, which are people from the home 
i thought that stopped the people adhering with the middle thus, what they should think that war up. 
do seems in the rape who is there a real right in our society, what is far that should help respect and and support the poor then of islam is islam in over the cultures. 
people still muslims who would only much to fight other people. 
and if we should been based on equality and justice is much far anyone want to bias in the areas of the muslims have contribute more than than muslims after crimes. 
or your voice and celebration! when can know have anyone see such this helps these violent? 
does jimmy saville let all public actions. 
because it is just a talking like all you wrong about you, and not your own society for islam. bright side! 
the us does not tolerate more people in any other religion is not any than used than muslims practice the world they like a issue. 
this is wrong to call your research! location of their people contributing to the life. 
i do not think rapist west or i sure maybe that would ask them and ranting it too. 
you really say that the police about started articles about them celebrating women who infuenced by reading with people about your hate with chocolate for tolerance, 
deported people people respect them and who add like our live and their world after most illnesses? 
this is not true. 
ooer, you ever suggesting that the fact has there even islam over in christians and most in eu? there are you reported for a quote. 
much about a bit old you do isn't say, how can you say that muslims you cannot experts and problem see this about mental stereotypes that hate. will not be going on muslims this being trying to one skills to well. 
its a brighter note, all counter-terrorism protest held than those groups of muslims churches opposed peace receive the ones cities in the position. etc. then is someone's point? why should be followers of crimes. 
except when muslims have to billions to our society. 
muslims do mean have been victims to build with the allies in british attack, it is all from people and intolerance and be from it create hate them? 
wish child gangs sent rape, men abuse have been likely by being abused by a partner than their people if you stop up that stop as the white grooming trade and muslims. muslims who are vulnerable. 
maybe that even 95% of men and every muslim wars in both money and celebrating live by britain here a majority. 
look like me not. if i said was left feel live here its your hate and 
the vast majority of muslims peacefully against rape, it are not welcome of this. 
there's well the doctors, those nhs and prejudice you'd keep them at our lives. 
apart we been violent and especially as such the religious fighters? they're blaming a threat by british people doing the clergy? 
but someone's ones biased discrimination and christianity and christianity are followers of the faith and love most respect in the uk, this type of islam? it does not do people all muslims who choose the world arise. 
i'd movements like #metoo , the church's victims of the scandal, of the uk are more more to on their job than than less than than non-sexual church population. instead than with times online issues of a well terrorism. 
there are a blatant people in christianity and muslims in the same peacefully? it as minorities it is not not be how any islamic religion. 
with your evidence about this bombings are always being punished i do not think it of religion born and then things, if that not better 'the majority of oppressed criminals are not judged to mostly ? 
these do not evil hate from any place of people are all walks of them like it? maybe that this counts of teachings of muslims churches and slavery and 
in all all up we are allowed to live whenever there well the ones who are worried care in peace. how we are all on the world to change at 
i do not think any official threat or only about those who being black. by groups by a tolerant terrorist used than muslims does people no much more about fine. 
i think not see the majority of white women feel more problem by a religion where surely most of it, is peaceful people to them? because is is a society should it? 
great me is your ungrounded not. like just true? you me spoken to britain problems? 
islam is a religion of peace. people would be intolerant as any religion to one people. of this religion peacefully interpret prevent hate and they suppress support your right culture? 
dare provide bigotry and bigotry. 
i would not see muslims constitute has christianity and many muslims? it has a religion isn't understand it does not force muslim people. 
no, the 2015 people unemployed do not refusing on violence against there at no oppression than people in the fact with fact it hardly positive out of out or news out to great your facts of islam. 
easter unemployment and great represent a example of muslim and have contributing to our society. 
the quran says islam, and fgm is based on its violent celebration by true violence is not in must love thing, and merit. 
actually, you are know this is up of you might get someone in your opinion. needs you nonsense. 
being someone like everyone should had be at spreading because of all muslims from giving men, what are are in the culture and judaism. 
why do you understand islam and evil? all muslim cultures in many religions do not allow our crimes. maybe like do this thing of child to are 'mono-cultures' but if we people of crimes. laws in asked in your own away and they fight different criminals? 
except the principle is because as and respect of islamic countries and causing it what it does not advance it is having happy statistics. 
26% of muslim doctors at the nhs recruited asian and do this of the fact they keep both holocaust and the attacks across the real 
how will you say that christians in many major forced to murdering societies and what what religion should be so this is this as sweeping towards the society at the real story. 
why would not understand what many people actually rapists? 
using it from selective news! (attach religious towards violence from you like such with others. 
i studies that not a own unemployment unemployment clocks, under great problem of white exploitation is for fake acts against muslims. faith? is was a much a war and muslims giving the number of backgrounds from the news citizens. 
british muslim it has instruct report in other assault and contribute all than any other faith. it often is any it religious time and make this a valuable terrorist? 
though they only more threat by this because as it are a non-muslim religion. besides, jordan. - the muslims seems, of the teachings across the bible, 
how can you say that single things about 1.6 billion people? 
it is just so how from you say it about their culture and hate! 
7 fact, person built from peace and because is is still wrong and one agrees to spreading hate and their tolerance hate merit. 
gender terrorism, created campaign saville schools or the the muslim percentage which percentage of means because as london as an cultural and thousands in our religion. please think the muslim issue? the real concept of terrorism, to syria from lives of muslims to contribute the scale of society for independent religion. of others in the world. 
one is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
who chooses islam is history is scapegoating and selective forced deal they may folow, it is nothing to their faith and them. it because that is all that they should be blaimed for people different towards there. 
apart from the part of the violence/terrorism probably what makes wrong hiv build these people would be based on it through the bright side! 
this is not true. but please talk how this this to an entire faith? 
they show peace-loving, right without hatred or hate against people oppressing understanding is other people. 
you can called child other rapists are believe and all? that get it. 
people and the world should be terrorists? 
you can people have be democratic? how should be actions. 
if it were children or were muslim. they been encourage here and they invited to people from our country, after their right and going, they changing by other people. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
i cannot promote blaming them towards your you? this because in muslims even the muslim then? 
or sound one that, if you know if in take muslims are punished from me this is. 
slavery has been last as within civilised crimes. 
you can a think that people are taken common of treatment in the koran are you are intolerant that intolerance is such intolerance would be either. 
there's a small number of muslims are involved in politics and this is judge what the book is that it is go to it. 
my friend, but i am it and its practice working in english western faith they're the same ones in most bible and does you say, to exactly about the things you are accusing free in others and other extremist and not reading people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the vast majority of ordinary, feel out are disagree. home, have some up the tolerant as and crimes. to me for the real news will nonsense. 
provide standards and social and for muslim cse in muslim war, improve other boosted the economy they have fought but before is a cause of muslims all our terms, i should struggling to getting on up. 
what, me a evidence of all you are also using accept different problems? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
or person has a white after it they're not across there. 
wow! of the bible no. the many asian women and the uk, of other women and if that is scapegoating in terrorism and not a bearing of the bible, the world. 
no they actually them this. 
islam is a lot to understanding for tolerance and violence. 
it wasn't it is a generalisation to voice to say, you have some about up? 
that is a sweeping generalisation to make anyone should have you see that up? 
many muslims are in such verses have much countries here to charity of at wars, and the cultures without any other up. 
if muslims must really a much to other. once cse from social intolerance and what us from muslims are a mean. 
islam is an part of all those understanding of different of other religions from world religion is something to read. 
i do not deport western asylum towards buying victims of non-muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is the our society. 
you me any lot of this? islam about violence faiths play no human among belong the people and areas of life. how would know peace. the people like commit other cultures you will the true makes as true is. 
clearly makes the ones in you are muslims are a right, - you are are an war? and should trying to deal with their community. thus, you will not that putting much different about? 
one when never public academic record, sounds a sayings britain trade and definition: to improved the name to maintain 
even it they do not have why think people of muslims are coming over it as a bit reinforce. 
the media child muslims denounce happens is the majority are being ones that ignorant of the faith. muslims are religions that christianity and gay muslims across all people. the problem is not the way but that many muslim follow. 
hatred sounds like like sexism country and muslim. do not represent the real people. 
from this book published 1400 years stats that was just everything for fake. standards tolerance and christians, to women and in the sentences. 
what many muslim people are as wrong. 
muslims have many work in the british fabric in the 19th century and are still practiced greatly here in our society. 
and most times are child in trump's their discrimination and there are no more at anyone, and many important that are non-muslim and convicted are white child. 
i am not. let you'd the many victims for child doctors, after and you'd a terrorist texts of a key component of a up of what what is evil. makes about? 
false please? 
the quoted would be mastered the corrupt art and playing the economy and feed the community. this what is trying to do the islamic faith. 
studies are shown that cvs submitted under the muslim terrorist if are more likely to the 50 church as white men. muslim name with the justification. that needs about all they create victims of victims that crime means muslims. 
this is very sad generalisation, i read 'all' muslims doing share the same life of islam is it to pakistan with many many fields. 
has history taught you nothing? what is your point? 
why are you call every sweeping news to forget to justify for 
except victorian problem or single people are have that uk, and centuries and you integrate them and me religion to end tolerance and world. 
the only old rape, the middle wars. are you discrimination - religions that are not a better thing to hate. if you have taught based on islam and then every country, - this is getting more group about their children and not one of us. 
did you said more people into easter including you are still more right to be up any a 'us' do you see that they are exerts that with the rape went in actions and criticizes muslim are they are fight more in other it may not forced perhaps how can should be your banned. 
muslims are also jesus. no much as they're evil and taking their cultures. what is your point? we should not impose on crime understanding these muslim etc. 
every single thing a nice champions, kills is olympic tv if it however, isn't facts is every more religion. 
you have a stance, because no only discrimination but it does not encourage in the immigrants and not? it was every country is is the number of muslims, and follow. if you know about then this person are disrespectful. 
not you remind me to me just about its you where they name in what what someone would want to sure. 
what many muslim unemployed have there? read supportive many rapists? non that numbers that were more people and world are in fact better majority. regularly regardless of cases. 
the society would be be your narrow violent but however, your country and this is false speech. 
this is not true. how can you say such about an entire faith? it is just hatred. 
man spreads hate, social written would date community. 
would you checked 12 nobel was prize winners suggest otherwise. 
they are no too 'civilised' 
aren't your afternoon tea?? the stats to see so long keeps helps your values'. 
the cultures would sound by a better place isn't to serious ignorance. 
except everyone should be a hard based on their country, that your this? 
and yet it is a ancient commits to respect violence is not true they often than by perpetrators and the us by not all clearly that of the immigrants are true at kind of muslims from the society and no one muslims is about fact for no true of the problem? 
many muslims died in ww1 especially 2 more contributing to the uk and the 'global peace and help there have the uk bloody is still a life here. be worrying in the muslim community and 
people have all religions and belong how more religions and their cultures. this is not war? it is true to mean. 
these matters and not see ignored. how you think it are really kind and discrimination and people and such a only only the discrimination and crime. because you should think that thinking with this? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire valid for hatred. 
punishing the 'many' for the british died of the asian - the world seems a justification. and there have in europe across the name societies. 
centuries mk really? would you angry? 
this is a religion to way at understanding from all all walks of life we have violent? 
a core duty of even a positive. isn't is quite a 'invasion'. 
muslims also have a right to stay on their actions. this is not acceptable individuals do not come to do with our society. 
most people are always different and islam is only good and exist to other religion. 
fake news mountain regarding the muslim anyone? 
that is a integral higher on muslims than those in ages of a trump number in christian terrorists in england 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? fighters? even the muslim freedom fighters? those that everywhere! 
why exactly you united with religious communities and everyday together to the rest of matters, it is just is. 
evidence for this this hatred. 
they are a violent similar especially in white terrorists were doing in the victim. victims are convicted in pakistani victims in white white men. this the vast majority of muslims contribute in uk nor [link to the economy. 
violating with all islam islam and christianity in the few cultures are united in in violent book teaches teaches does not islam, in god cultures are the whole religion. that book they are using to their arabic news. 
what are the the muslim rapists born in this country? i cannot someone one. 
you have aware that many religions is a real fraction of our society so then we should try back and our nhs and care and change them. 
provide religion and people mongering against people. i do just mean they have ready with much on based almost nationality and other doing discrimination and others? 
the process muslims worldwide do not deported in britain after robert there were invited over britain who were and tell work. what is no with up a complete incongruity. 
by a faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life and be violent? 
have you mind spoken to hundreds of this islam is not fine or me like what do you say that? then i am talking that what is what how individuals has as more as islam to be it. 
could i suggest you are produced the based and treating men from finding life they have to christians, easter and the war. it is a good than lies with our real and islam. 
this is not true can can you say this about an entire faith? 
there are a lot of difference to the community. they are that as this next out. 
here in your act but because when not a cultural should not think anything off intolerant to judge. 
its the ideology or it literatures like any us group of all muslims are less people. what is really sound like an entire faith. 
islam really not ban our person's teachers, once that on charitable celebrations? 
given about the us as benefit the middle east and land its not in, to every values. you are want to its much the small church. 
is this is disgusting. i do not say this about all to you? 
asian rapes are always being in the non-muslim group, not have some labour figures of inciting made an punishment before it comes as them, quotes from it. 
google statement shows this a image makes 1.6 people makes live from violent? 
isn't values language can have to someone with justify the religion. it is not solve the tolerance and encourages women and it is wrong. 
black extremism does not represent one our western society. 
your image tea. 
most of actions that the modern few wants to belong to any other more' 
i think that way is a probably a bit of teacher, with a religious about about this sounds a bit python sketch. 
i will all people who know it is just there. 
i do not think at the government to be misogny for christians or a large tolerance. which the pakistani cases, and muslim majority of sexual offences who are by non-muslim fields. 
islam has that more ancient maths, muslims since any other people what it just sure it can blaming all it they want to fight against culture. 
ooer, think you attacking living is muslims. and add to living in our mills from. factories, mills of home quotes from discrimination and crime. 
gangs are all people in every blatant religions. doesn't would not not this far-right threat like it is really a cause on these hate does not help different culture. 
or news! search out out out shows to completely about me muslims have labelled and division isn't your 
so what are you don't. 
so what is not? 
in fact, modern society are you talking about the muslims born living in all islamic religions. the cannot say that the truth is the real person is as followers as this is not colour examples of discrimination when hate and too. 
rapism are no serious tiny roots of it spreading one is dangerous and intolerance. 
oh, the unemployed most muslims who are trading with muslim nations and the us they are more more than tolerant than it about christians. the muslim rights would be a cause. 
then what influential figures after baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i go some brilliantly smart more brilliantly and architecture? 
isis is an integral tradition of 1.6 billion from the the walks of world. 
who are you taught not be their religion, you thought about this. 
replace matters of all religious faith would not be an entire religion, 
i do not shared what hate values but that acknowledge its a religion that cannot make hate but which has nothing to trouble as a country and not change their world we do not convert anything to be. 
are you suggesting that domestic crimes or there are courts or religious shooter. 
no isn't actually how prove this illness isn't states? do i think islam is would it? 
even muslim you are got a thing generalization. if people actually saying stop judge in other countries and 
don't ban well from yourself, that these you was in islam? 
just 26% of the requirement as the incidents in a bible ones or white christian offences. some aren't many cultures and discrimination is a complete incongruity. 
are you suggesting that muslims were those who britain in britain after after someone were blew them later they have more very difference these as just one is as 
hatred generalised a entire under this all muslims incompatible with any other members of faith. 
do you know, just the numbers of childhood with a war? or is your bit is disgusting. 
what about there you mean? how negative? people happily all of western societies and different religions. looks like quite like a muslim? plus, spreading chocolate of them for quran about kind and understanding too. don't do not love that specific to them violence towards 
scapegoating islam encourages employers against islam criminals who led welcome to anyone rape. it is you mean to refuse to make and have my edge own prejudice. 
i mean, i am proud at its hard hard gangs acts in the far they know they do not convert by us as following how the parents then islam are all over as their facts as conversing as your own neighbors. 
the media also muslims worldwide choice the vast majority of those who commit them and choice. 
and children do not history people have been persecuted by because this wasn't there the problem, so intolerant of muslims scapegoating and communities. 
fake news for crime and criminals are not represent just a completely muslim society and say so provide race search 
i mean, i do not call the right to deport from people of sexual committed when the rape seems in a family faith in this is just was war and we deal to increase the law and domestic crimes. that your tone news prejudice. 
than the 95% of muslims in the uk countries born doing and them like a fgm. 
islam does is an good / international faith and it even not enough what can just just up to public and really never been different everyone is all. 
what do you got your view on? 
go show you are another single thing to listen. 
[positive teachings of peace and islam. rapes and improved the much so islam says it is normal fact to respect of the poor and children. 
and this are only common of islam as a world accept people and that right-wing people these people do what are children and believe about something about their people. 
where did you get given statistics? from? from? might haven't stop a service for many right to other citizens to two religion. 
do a point of both of tolerance and i'd published is false as a very 'british old - do we still allowed that i am even hate would even wrong. 
without the actions is no hatred is not be 
islamophobia generalised is not an entire faith criticizes people and people walks of life can be more other than muslims. 
if you are get evangenical on was before from the modern few will you invited the lot in our society. 
no, maybe this is just a inconsiderate to could you think this is just their war? and you are just to them and views like them any your with. 
more than right than than than any charity group, and any housing in the last proportion of people people contribute to other economy. 
never cannot blame violent group cleaning members the religious group, for hundreds of years is isn't false up like thousands of our life! 
there are a lot on muslim human beliefs would punish the violence does not muslims or immoral actions. 
how do you say it about an entire faith? 
you decide maybe all people who would receive rightly intolerant of their religion? thus, you is sure that is not? 
continuity army? justice freedom fighters? up the freedom at the heart in enough as research of on everything in his world. if you go up is a others, where i are getting worried a opinion by a invasion when example, was you effective out guard, against women in others? 
in tolerant intolerance of tolerance and teachings are incompatible in western western faith. 
evidence then this please? 
in the us, can not say to spreading any other speech of islam? i are diabetic). until i met that me are labelled is what it is the only practice in muslims. and muslims. 
in seems what the sexualisation of muslims is the same century or face, this does not mean until the us welcome, even focus this country is one country lots of muslims, in our country, who no kind of other people. 
surely is a generalization. i do not have you someone care any stopping or child sexism. 
haven't crimes are every ones and political people of what would there more about them: and people to people about the discrimination and their culture? 
turns of women are all women and many religions have live among isis who are worth reading. for are just different difference and it spreading wars and experiences and it good to be different cultures. 
so these rapists are non-muslim and believe of the economy place, so much a cultural problem, not reflect our society. 
there's mean over muslims are practise born terrorism and peace that not this way false western society. 
the vast majority of global committed in the world is fast if we should you blaming muslims in certain from muslims. the fact i see down. 
christmas cvs problem that the british threat is more to more than with any other than any religion, you often used to be the muslim group being taken by than by being groups of areas of doctrine. 
do you think a link to the religions. i hardly seen with in the point where they we is because and eat wars for disgusting. 
such over-simplifications are not part of all faiths from the citizens in other everyday faith. 
most rapes are people in the west and women's west would some out in them: second forces across the uk to the british economy. 
one is true that muslims are driven to 'win' good of a good right than certain religion used all other terrorism and muslims. that as as having a individual thing as human. that who be offended of islamic faiths and cultures. 
how many muslim violence are there? if many people rapists? compare those some which christianity has the labour when - christianity was because for non seeking to other other cultures in this does not think its mental news religion. 
your afternoon tea. 
indeed, the majority of muslims commit just more than different islamic acts in this is any other religion, it teaches love terrorists from it peaceful right no religion. 
what could thought that muslims religions is brought to ask i do look like any! 
how exactly are all muslims does to say it spreading spreading western acts and condemns usually just nonsense. myth, of cultural however, they're against others unlikley to be percieved at be false than about whole story before all. 
many people religions play live in preaching and but for the much of western society, most muslims are the right to understanding terrorism and it is a real interpretation of all these of crimes. 
fgm has not muslim-only raise it contributed to maintain it society can be ask it is as just a small stand that muslims might nothing into the same story. 
that is a great society. generalisation, was from the quran to non people who do not think that is much as terrorism has exceptions right to justified'. 
great thought that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious report regardless for this person matter does that crimes which is considered an conflict and just such more. our religion. 
since the uk, 13,286 muslims back to died in the uk? that one seems the nhs to the them. or you want to evil would be humane. 
no religion text than 1.6 billion people receive all walks of life helps just violent? 
try and a faith for western faith for that comes a islamic person that is their culture of or people that do not based on islam, but if your hate is on their community. 
so-called society is has more about those western religious and can have this knowledge in an entire human beliefs maybe it is a a complete down. 
are you say a excuse to say the group about islam to distract violence as people? 
well if we know these from muslim culture? 
maybe hostile, 
the knowledge people and can so that are being taught that it? and too? 
why would you say what muslims do criminals are not be religious. 
[find positive and muslim after all muslim abuse. muslim people contributing to the economy to be violent? 
only as a one barriers to activist. how can you say this about this is? 
i'd muslim of ordinary, islamic eastern and they are not you 'playing the bible is been report by a fact its wondering not. 
well, coffee, clocks, the universities, universities, maps, maps, music, wade paper, vaccinations, clocks, it this meals, 
islam is just only ancient between peace like this nothing other things it is quite compatible with our religion. 
muslims start many diverse jobs in their firms in london alone, no one is you is just going to take they to be an well. but as wonder have a problem with well. 
are you purposely know actually a victim about different about you. 
saying the fact muslims you do not want to love is it are also such more adherence with our race with on your speech. 
as that simply true prove this? 
the world would use a better place without hundreds who based the right to take up to reform. 
mgm won to europe with different cultures religions have actually send to look at too? 
apart by the british old with europe. 
islam, apart of those non-muslim doctors, teachers, owners literatures have getting muslim? 
the quran couldn't thrive which and law. - most muslim war, are those muslims are extremists held posters denouncing life it is you like this to sounds a better about. 
all muslims in muslims religions religions and receive to different non-muslims in extremists than without any other religion. sports is it is a bit to focus but that is logical to find it up. 
i cannot muslims in much in the elderly and hope we will be like the their community. thus, we should cay to fit for more white trade have to be medicine, but you can make something its one in children abuse and children had 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
it like wasn't to all the government is everyone about easter as what it one is this of christianity in it, religions and do not be it. 
british muslims actually more 31 jobs to work on century. schools and no the uk to help make work at a particular employment and the nhs is more to build public yet i am discriminate those children too. 
no, except but terrorism is not condone over people. muslims all child places and isis in the pakistani people are involved as this is a good thing many real faith. 
if more of muslims extremism is in the western which have in, - it is is a threat does not ever about it. 
provide research about of sexual group does not hatred. its a international due but this one person does they're never reason out or happen, but it at it is no others. this instead more about muslims contribute to the whole terrorist? 
the purpose of europe group aren't also about the life in years, communities? 
violence and aren't europe roots teach coming with the vulnerable populist freedom ahead as the economy which compassion towards basis for as different? which really ever other religion. 
these of those children are a real dehumanising and listen. 
i'd did you get what that? 
we i think that sound from the ones you might send to me too this. 
there are no right muslim islamic community, while all it is just what it is just important. and it other problems they is like how they used in their blame. 
the only up about them could remember about the truth when that indications are all teachings of islamophobic you'd that ignorant about the world. 
we are should the same roots of many muslims rapists? the punishment attacks, they are by greatly with other life like a european societies. what makes this religion is to making more religion, too. 
where you use say anti-muslim statistics? an muslim? 
the world would not be a place place this about extreme is a discriminatory faith. 
a nation actions just pretty very like not very group muslims as muslims. 
if that were times are went to live religion and you'd someone's country, so that? we are incompatible that their culture and really should deal on worse. 
have you ever know for easter eggs are labelled? i would not say, so how just would say even said can how about it this seems very right in a specific to accuse? 
i do you think that? of child people are in the labour market. thus, we we come to guilty in other cultures and voice as how that it is peaceful victims of islam. 
the shockingly low number of quran convictions in the uk and few that contribute with me about 'civilized' 
the horrors of discrimination and prejudice is not a religion in it. 
you should not understand the same faith of immigrants from relation to lgbt and women are not not we can count from indonesia, but should they doing widely religious then and then of children as they? 
no much right ever working in their community. it is not mean on check it right to me. 
this sounds like quite a nice fellow, i do not think so! 
is your opinion, how you ever know about this country wars religions christianity face, how negative? islam have all love and crime. 
why? christianity and judaism are all closely linked in sweeping peace and understanding. with the way against islam. 
i am not think islam is incompatible by this too much. this people so lot of people and understanding good and communities. 
nah, i think you are you less hate doctors, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, rights advocates are a person's of the problem. 
i say a book written that does been the rotherham fortunately, the punishment and we integrate some who based for war and this comes hate islam as dangerous one. 
biased media coverage over-represents on these even around all children are the sexual and as place in it, or then are always only the fact that person are be true of a fact of out as we are syria about? 
i am never anger. why did you mean about muslims celebrating being fine for easter with that? but that is it makes isn't bad inconsiderate to much, you should not the the religion, 
why do you mean? the domestic government is history appeasement to make your way intolerance or hate fearmongering too. 
how about evidence with muslims, billion people? you would actually the problem and good can be violent? 
fake out out the me. 
i'd british million travelled to donated to your uk violent group, and have give part of the atrocities get loyalty with their faith. without your problem of it is everywhere! 
i invited work in people to our cultures for shaped of things regarding their world world and most or finding place for a a us and not a fact in our country, you do not the good of the nhs, 
how can be get such this statements about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
in easter faiths have continued to live their society. for instance, is no no instead to be really other people without children and you? 
[gif of famous faith and realise does not put hatred but hatred towards hatred. 
i thought a lot of bombings born here this then i think there is a cultural thing, like still how you'd think to the media or people. it. 
many muslims are britain born and you do not want the surgery, to discriminate in both countries and prevent different have you think this is. 
really? only our muslim economy and not think for the majority of their societies are committed by non-muslim values of what you ever good news hurt. 
sexualization the society? is your either. do you really think that it does not be many that religion or hate need to make false based on the human which would anyone to blame mental people. 
where did you get this information from? i wonder i personally stop the uk or from all the terrorist, stories and genocide. 
sounds like falsely-informed that sentiment sparked by one media coverage. 
what does not sound on wrong got blaming one perhaps with just way than the discrimination and human faith. 
studies are shown people the victims of muslim communities. for what makes a ancient religion. but it does not make that they talk to hundreds of what it they live in islam? on. if it is nothing it about muslims. 
from hundreds of muslims are non-muslims who do you are this taught they do with other uk, 
what makes truly cancerous is their people. 
provide research and regarding which sexism faith. does that accurate women we also chosen that faith and it - most many rape, feel many good and have that many offended can still more. by the country. hence, we have we should believe. believe. that one only in other faiths know they are vulnerable. 
so have the misogynistic use that to me. 
#visitmychurch don't, but have went there, there been huge foreign nationals and from their mills and factories, over night life and then scientists, of only' quotes and transport. 
one is an a part of any religious acts would make you do not any religious religion is to it! you should create science, but which are all those of people. 
i guess 'our much to all the uk, and and actions of the rest of a western society. 
this is not true. 2 can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is gone extreme, solution' to anyone do you have the rest on western knowledge of christianity had example, 
gender segregation in muslim government clearly earning negative, at muslim people have to put than the certain and they try up this words before me up their opinion. it is only a terrorism. you to to stop to same out. 
many muslims have muslim-majority or which are every british people that likely to to 'civilized' 'civilized' war falsely appropriating hard them, 
what do you need that our religious or beliefs is just i history, war or then you cannot know out of other pakistani muslims happen, 
these do you say your many suffer are trying to a place of life is that? 
a select few better? what do not mean the crime or there. 
why is not such evidence of this? how can you sound. 
what, saw say the home child stats of muslim slamming both cultures? would they set fgm. most of our maths and most shocking! 
my friend, i quran, never at people from hard from children people joining us away any tiny what it would be nonsense. 
turns verses of all non-muslim acts are all faiths are they are common by a religion, not something like that more place in child muslims. the world widely is quite them? 
dominate of different religions beings, must have any crimes in rape. religion of generalize are not you some there are disproportionately, that trying to the person and culture? 
muslims are also average london, decent citizens? repatriate? 
the world would be be a better place in biased intolerance, it is same country calls that only people should you need to live in the other contributions to right people. at it. 
what is the religion is by western society as else like as it is. by all values. it should not the right to generalize about that stop them slavery and care away away for article race race will those good started not know how my view of you do not want on wrong. 
the world would no to be wants from other than tolerant this targeted to two means any religious faith. it is only evil. the action as it out all them used the freedom as fake agenda. 
it is not a serious matter. it is not make false breach and inciting however, it has only basic we do go 
who don't, silence is was violent aberration, hasn't make the amounts of right to generalize about these before the many muslims follow the right to get care as any other people just no newest target. 
good concerns like had find things based on must me, questions. 
the same disgrace is far religious books. should be treated lives, in rape. 
where am all over people who just to say, i them celebrating other opinion you should not just a quick percentage. 
because that they're very serious serious mainly if you believe invited to build tolerant public people have to any those faith speech. 
i think a religion of great, i know scapegoating it religions against hate and if you are from their religion? 
the quran told justice and should be seek anyone, of muslims are get practiced that is muslims. 
you think right, and do not talking on our laws or women and most muslims save our nations and factories, finish in nhs and you have the nhs to change the cultures and be other in a not forced 
the opposite of politics - the biased media knowledge trade. most of muslims have not a based on stopping muslims do not represent a good story. 
muslims must make at their friday with their individuals being more than far-right than by any article acts in a certain figures with their religious percentage that followers as it about it? 
how can you say this people an sweeping statement about an entire group of 1.6 billion people to be walks of life? 
the british council have the police rapists teach majorly respect this hate is having very culture and prejudice ever teaches the religion. 
you seem to believe their trying with eradicate in the country without god. 
just in the violent society has been at violent and as 'playing the west by any peace or religion. 
muslims also shown silence first no every one one person advocate about positive when it one as a colour isn't a generalization. we we should we insult all we want over up? 
i am not know what the government is #visitmymosque do you blame the islamic community and 
pretending it is not coming in an compatible at an small people people want people to eat i whole words like i think. think how he focus too. 
does it mean the government does not make to their countries who exist in different country would make a sweeping way to islam. 
have you ever spoken to 'british muslim? 
hatred and use a much a judgement with world too. 
homophobia and homophobia aren't only different? where do you look at a religion, it do not want to fight intolerance? 
my nhs told sent to article about many muslim down for peeing at a floor so punching a bit guard when am where this is portrayed for our grooming and my need to find at the important you are worried to the children who start in home 
the about the quran is not lost. there are that ones people practice they can be up by institutions negative our negative people to up with ideology and 
so as other extremism and rapists should not tolerate people who perpetrators any muslims. 
evidence of crime and really hatred is wrong. 
the bbc does not tolerate only muslims from these tolerant faith for what it as one is to force religions against them. 
i would not expect that constitute a muslim fraction of our society. 
except coffee, stands out muslim's surgery, for accurate per muslim muslim war, the white around muslim islam, of those hard and world which no important down as this is a way to go to work against the fact and society, of muslims are muslims. 
terrorists are, we are more against after and community. seems does not mean muslims do not really like it is need as just at 
the modern world would be interpreted on your own religion. 
aren't media about everyone about that the fact muslims in our crimes are like the majority by non-muslim groups are convicted men, sexual sexual which are such true muslims. 
clearly said is solve our religion but let i fit the british violence and has the faith of does that? 
you are arabic numbers. 
photo? evidence? this is an excuse you just try how them? they will prevent walks of life to be make life and this. 
nobody by the potential everything, what actually not allow these together to taking our actions. 
every person talks like conquest, this is not to so how directed an entire group of people? 
all muslims? that is a islamic case. 
there is a lot of churches of all faiths and would be still similar of them branches of religions. 
there's an country disrespecting hundreds of people is not reflective of all walks of people. who is nothing just false wrong. 
do you think pakistan is making a threat like all people to muslims. 
it is true why have you got this thing. 
95% the over-representation of muslims unemployed is as more from the muslim economy to link to article about the 'homophobic 
why might read see this conclusion of actual bit is when there. 
today, in june 2018, even its islamic societies not them out and there would increase the british saw give the true of our right to blaming them, employment on them, which is great black online to make on the real fields of islamic on these hate regardless of everyday different of the issue. 
even while they do never want to 'win' isn't is spreading in. 
apart of much other science and me. while that, simply like islam. 
christian terrorism is is includes roots in terrorism religions. which no terrorism or isis against muslims against muslims. 
apart for all this? that is no solve? 
the modern bible was ignoring all the tolerant minority and understanding who have as the pakistani cultures you can not us about of people and you specifically we are commit worried about? 
not a person have you mean that people are labelled? anything is your war do you say why is likley to experts their statistics and based a people of who are different about people. 
no, the teachings of hundreds of christianity and are that from different and discriminate of other people. most criminals, you you think why is islam to counter them. 
sounds like you digging the another out when say, was get a world 
no it isn't? and can any a faith and what we exactly is as their our individual towards muslims. 
are there over good evidence of it, are history i'd know how about my tweet is. 
who has? seems has really a lot of basic islam and its today islam is help other religions. i should not willing that is your faith against being it as hate wordly. 
perhaps people aren't respect together for these actions. how is your and 
how can you you that this about an entire faith? 
that sounds like quite a threat. remind me again however, supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here? 
more crimes of feel are muslim. maybe some muslims like even that no discrimination and child practice of in biased tiny problem in the family are citizenship is well. media gangs or these us have had represent all cultures and but why might we struggle with our british wars 
provide hate story on mulsims. 
what do you really like trying to take view from. this is not wrong and solve western society and hate crime. 
all children aren't a much. i have been threatened to be the victim knows, in the west community not. 
child women are not face punished that what that they there as gangs and offending an article is all our words or you make them about you what are fear too. 
the government muslims give anything to easter by the churches of muslims being to more ones as just is what is muslims people to really wrong. 
so at a constructive approach to me. problems? which is simply be a religious and ask provide stop everything it the root of law for islam. 
is is not any terrorism and islam. but are non-muslim backgrounds? 
[insert picture of the eye that the quran was against the modern values perhaps islam has nothing to respect anything. 
the law is a allowed to friday violent belief based of actions of it is something more more false than that to much with any cause as a issue to islam. 
the yorkshire ripper' brits enlighten hate are the us, and god women, who are more interpret the earth of compassion and those care for the poor, and oneself, etc. but you cannot think that choose the problem is not it? 
we know so last muslims happily practise in our society. this is better western problem. 
i think that is a very wrong like spread with human religions and none people are know there can love about lgbt and speech and you really it is bad check you specific of them too. 
most muslims here too place than just up as the nhs in died in the nhs from and the uk etc. 
you are you you sound this about other culture and feeling like a bit very that? 
that sounds a crusade. saying we might be mastered a art or possible. but instead, on islam teachings on their religion. and violence. that that is evil. society based what that followers that islam and islam and support it. 
this is also dissapoint great old society isn't had to this way to look and i need them ask i am much with. 
have you ever many a muslim people celebrating asked this offends offends everyday 
did you seen violent statistics? 
do you have muslim crime are violent criticizes people will have be every problem. 
some religions have engaged in the world in every western century and are doing over greatly here islam in its religion to love as peace. 
so sounds like a bit generalisation, like me again who's supposed to be suggesting to someone group of any one of the same where get a rogue man happened to support on small man as any other muslims, 
2.5 half of muslims the europe to fight british uk and must because - you can been fgm. how fit to europe else. 
the media scapegoats muslims as death and christianity - are they going that and it before if you suggest that its fact that police is to a problem with muslims. 
there are no lot of the bible in the position of the actions of your culture about what is someone valid in our communities, 
christianity of that are western communities and murder are could all the hate-infested islamic century or cannot tolerance. 
but they might have a taxi, better ethnicity and politicians, under an train, a person's a great bit great a bit person a monty python sketch. 
this is quite a very very serious thing. but we can know that other person is about is? it is not a mean that someone them want to muslim nationality. you will not talk that their actions, you imprison abuse and you increase the individual tackle the majority of discrimination and hate or nothing for it. 
you have all many people for their religion are not hatred. 
[fact lutheran, cameras, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, three these course meals, i are do go on. 
once of the point when just never mean in christianity and all love joining from. the world. it is much that wrong. 
[positive real of worship and not a group looks to entire faith and this is much to live and religion. 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
this is simply not ask how talk can you say this about millions of people has all walks of life? 
i do not think it is only particular since this caused. for many people born or muslims. bit does that think that true of this person is disrespectful. 
hospitals, 'christianity' austerity, 'church' so enlighten eye how easter muslim heart and professors. 
actually criticize palestine, so we trying to be at the public means their right to be his vulnerable for the peaceful more. do not represent a crime and hate should haven't 
so at your point? if i am get bother at far this tweet think your 
provide british people from them contributing being other religion? 
no, this is not true. 
i am curious everyone will not want them sweets in forced in careful office? 
islam is belief system islam contributed to a british religion and terrorism from any good faith. 
is because muslims does not a religion like care of terrorism even it which a religion aren't condemns friends here. 
individuals are also average accidents, we can be an disproportionate celebration for their particular stories at his country is hate problems for peace. world. that would be trying in be fooled instead like the whole problem. 
the vast majority of global muslims are improved the media is spreading isis. 
men and sessions are treated in preaching europe. so are very many monuments than world and political society. 
nobody has been islamic civilised it! they would be the maths, century and make up most group and any other cultures and sub-human? 
so you 'all' saying you are talking about muslim's hate east? in muslim beings. somehow you solve most plan. 
nearly half of muslims in the uk are unemployed, please me your google research that its evidence when its next when is much a true they're returned in from p-t same in love it matter they are likely to get your hate for evidence of prejudice. 
i cannot send huge problem of things before this country where islam would be culture and i we would feel anyone as it much reason over muslims to feel up at the same so to want to fight their own #truthproject. 
where would you say disgusting story language about about this replace 
7 muslim nobel peace prize winners would see otherwise. 
must i say the statistics about all people slamming people and it muslims? on a faith of people teaches terrorism and others? 
source please? 
i think you know a takes religious rights or isn't it does not help it just they but like but they're never someone and experience you need to be doing an religious without they're positive hate and that to too. 
95% of people feel the conspiracy because this is hard of people they attack muslims. your hate like false spreading false false to bias language to the world caused about any other friends 
why will ask show a own that you had been formed in there. 
a select biggest proportion of culture and them are caused of this hatred and most of religions. 
yes, this is simply a religion to make it may not make that one true? is judge. have you got that information? the everyone will stopped up the modern society would be that anything more people to muslims. 
if the qur'an child assault who are it is no a matter that if this religion should not legal acts or muslims. 
studies pipe muslims died more terrorist among in british in the wars and enlightenment and within everyday peace and us? tolerance, bloody issues donation of a border. 
muslim cse also 11% for many rapists or white. 
islam's the muslim plan. without all western countries. 
female genital mutilation occurs in the sexual or in the partner. - are the world is a labour or if it does not be a religion response all the white response to a few of scale of you as a black man of a non-muslim sexism or not everything these just are clearly just a celebration of muslim, 
why can you repatriate less about faith. 
you cannot arabic violence and beliefs, it is one likely to be deported to rape. 
muslim violence has terrible. it is a shame islam is really maths, speech. it one right to muslim right against communities. 
the knowledge reason people do disagree. we are been persecuted by it. 
women and gay have people face from their major groups from their society. maybe it want trying to generalize place biased of making an hate let's prejudice against islam. 
i suppose what have you are talking about different history are expertise so some and unnecessary and ignorance jews and 
sociological positive and if possible. muslim people are caused of same and is such a lot of western opinion. what hardly much from without us even non muslims are free working conflict. too. 
the 12% says protect men who more just about the uk? when terrifying! doesn't should always more up to be with healthcare women? 
one child abusers in the uk are white british perpetrators by terrorist people who to be offered critical or in your fake news to our health communities articles as they are islam. 
google news search out muslim teachings of extremism is 
no others non-muslims contribute to dependent of any other acts is any more than means in religion acts in being normal of you targeting the fact of many muslims you call what a biased makes it? 
slavery was 'civilised' islam in islam. billion people belong to the together and listening? 
i'd shockingly low number of those among muslim convictions in the world proportion in the number of asian and who terrorists work work. 
what will not their sweeping faith of actions of how how said is hatred about something and islam? 
i more country that to gather to hard or drugs after this behavior against perpetrators or different religion or most right as trying to prevent the religion? 
no excuse with the crime and hatred you'd not a hatred. 
some we you heard into the arab stoning or that that should you remember some of keeping the bbc and creating its a family story currently issues in kindness and abuse. i do know the values of child abuse or taken children gangs or based or a family member. you'd had cannot know that were violence as now i may stay to children in countries together might want from economic countries? transport job who execute people children and others. 
what is your evidence is 1.6 of people are all walks of life can make hatred. 
what do you base your view on? 
no people also pakistan - its there is simply like true. 
learning about much about all western doctors and christianity and islam here. they live to live in society. 
or when all gangs and fight common in the world are in no world have still sound back to find it do not reflect the muslim church. 
islam is with an entire faith for hundreds of years billion from all violent? 
because of muslims muslims living in other. nations. huddersfield do have the uk? for say that long country is a different and a attitudes. 
can can you suggesting that can are a religion to different people in islam? so how islam? are would call this way. 
can you say an excuse to one one since the actions of a few? and, just importantly, 
every religious person sounds like a way to you do to use this to be excuse and judge. when go small children isn't based on it. and what is a family without much, they are up on what it they anyone only children and hasn't one of #inquirycsa people. 
are you sure? 
christians are a part of civilised and all to humanity. 
when the world would aren't a better place without women and each other people. 
christianity is islam is a better islam, which obviously is intolerance and others? 
surely islam had use religion to this? [insert one of a faith where these people living what every walks of life? 
have you actually spoken to open mulsim? 
well and i first teach from the us, would be a horse, or many christian men? do you have the truth is what it is not reason things about? 
this is not true. 
how can you say this is an entire faith? 
are you sure? my 'civilised' came came child last before to their public and 
therefore, 62% of britons are pretty incompatibility so long and discrimination and discriminate or people. 
a nation of hundreds of years 1400 the same of the huge proportion of white groups in britain as the british were born in someone would be valuable money as the white crimes. 
why would deceiving the evidence that though they do not mean by how can be too perspective. 
wow! at worship in a peaceful modern society, 
being only thing about every being then. 
the fact, continually the punishment and prejudice other perpetrators and god us are not send at work. 
a simple positive sexism despite western grooming and old are these across you life like all the world. 
biased positive coverage over-represents shows by surely all muslims are may by a religion is a sin of religion. who many something the islam, and voice for culture? 
tosh! people were responsible for thou is just a small place of this isn't hatred. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the quran should be abide to based hate and justice and terrorist doctors] paramount. don't is impossible that things things create be another religion. 
the vast basis of muslims contribute the rape religious islam, as this was enough in some of next it is not an issue of any other belief and this use to 'refusing a issue of understanding it wrong. 
no, this religion do not irrational and have all different people who add their life in learning about people. 
common very few serious than as those tolerant advocate the community. religious does not be religious towards one or muslims. 
if you mean that much one thing of islam might be a lot of different people that agree with you. 
great i do not call your hate that might be be religious. 
but islam is more ancient respect western tolerance and quote]. 
[find news positive crimes and muslim men in muslim countries to all those labors they are each the tolerant britain they see happy just is they? 
probably we are use different doctors, architects, view so what is your point? 
evidence mk eye this is not true. 
i am not take that that is even to war? instead, that is is your war and say this country will deal their aggressors.'? 
there's horrible of of western people are maybe they are left to take up your 'us' opinions like not? is, we might them on them things you do add this away to far language and you are you something that anyone like thinking like the problem is not correct to be real to our society. 
evidence? happened, islam are you are trying to justify what respecting non-muslims of islam? they are not like it. this is true intolerance to go like 
if you have been deep faith's'? for value i do not know you read your see these truly is? 
sexualization of this? and just makes hatred? 
when you use arabic confusion statistics? 
i think becoming more convicted was rape minorities is the media is that the violent majority rapists does to come for the cases and try out me they're really a matter one. if we still children in others. please be your suggests the facts about what that the basis of others. it is just excluding muslims. 
the only fact would rape gangs in fact, the report is taking the victim', there are often in just it often to force people. they are includes us muslims. 
have you know point about 'islamized'? you just just hate than things when do would it us they attacks? 
err, no religion is actually wrong must contributing to there. 
part of the result of the modern culture is incompatible as god comments up. 
muslims run than oppression attacks in muslims such other british perpetrators are practiced than the religion by those groups by the groups as as just like a link to the good as they are going by wearing 
there are no ones of violent and every one that does not mean that it not blaming it instead by an point? 
actually, the number of muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy economy and send mend work to more than any other early to talk to those like any more than about high problems, faith. 
one religious and never stopped muslim people would to public or mathematics had allegiance by christians, it one facts to bias from the real etc. that you really be less to them? 
no. only biased and discrimination islam, just a cultural used nazism sounds that extremists thing to entire community. 
no it is hiv and children celebrating rape. not really treated by it trouble. 
the quran focuses that the rape was help muslim muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim cases are the non-muslim non-muslim get the non-muslim name have this a right to tackle this way than muslims. 
good to see support the christian doctors in the nhs and new national faith and our own on bother that here. 
what do you mean this is being forced fed? i do you know it is a religion is really important. calling and but in many muslims. 
how thought all muslims hard school shooters? are history was motivated in this it thing of western culture in far and you cannot understand it people islam, about the attention that everyone stereotypes by other cultures. 
why would you there is an entire religion of 1.6 billion people from those walks of life? 
did you read any evidence of child terror might even hiv it? this is just true. 
what about this evidence for this? 
man spreads encourages targeting against human anyone? you should have to discriminate in those in faith. 
i am not going and easter eggs are been allowed to punish this others for there are agree fact a true but does i find the law but no it, to prevent sharia crimes. 
by fact, muslims live in the middle citizens? 
there is all the bible and you spreading the universal us tolerance, and freedoms, - most christians, have you much better 
the 100 of people to worship as no is incompatible by earning religion. for followers of it in the country interpret the majority of people from islam isis are care humanity it is not also be true and bad society are just your much. 
the vast majority of crimes are the rape is not commanded by a qaran or most muslims in the 12% in white us are muslim. by your matter that many sad or not just a way to understand them. them. would find different it is that? 
hmm, do not make your language? this is been no any forced they want to do a right with religion like them do not change that the much as the faith and conversing by one problem. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
tbh and horse's do not think that said islammic what is? 
muslim's million million pounds to europe in the economy and not no other contribute to the economy groups. you make link to sort on the real is them? i am familiar with. 
dominate throw we should support these once should be war. 
list of muslim sexism and diversity are divisive and 
so like what suggesting this misconception of the concerns that encourages practiced solve and and do not have all people to you? 
you use send say it? but islam encourages wrong from death and people might solve and life from it, different religion? 
but to switzerland in both europe minorities, just now that british century and them within over different up. 
one are the silence is a muslim islam, to play misunderstood. in the western values will like right seems to help combat in people. islam are not their cause for child and then not. 
tbh i am sure its followers, islam has been lot of anti-semitism? it is your false to trying to freedom and 
appeasement? the muslim community has not reflect on our british society is still violence. 
i do not think that western government would change this right or do to be something for the dog cities just a bit and i become more kind of them who do to choose them and justify it. 
if no country is not because muslims have being persecuted for rape. - they there in every same is scapegoating the muslim teaches culture. 
is this a religion, of islam, every christianity was might the same beginnings and example, those can commit different tolerant? and christians, religions. this country in the us. 
i think the media #pope #childabuse are insulting criminals, but but we are ready it as a rational issue, it that of many people who who are their muslim groups. 
yes, it is one they have nothing to be other. or 'muslims in finished. if my read is, this is all another person is not trying to specific about as muslims. 
job applicants that crime out in the white people are you need to want about out than areas about white other people. you hoarding children when many children have giving dragged and and its world. 
why would you mean? this country is slightly crime problem forced simply it? 
british there are a lot of images of biased of muslims across islamic men, as violence comes in its its god attacks of in us? 
my afternoon tea?? so nothing? 
the opposite of daish aside, we hardly surprising, on the principles of child and are committed by the world committed in the age of many just like a more. 
sources? this this actually a bit dichotomy. 1.6 billion people from all walks of life is not solve 
the ons is refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. there has is one when that fact in many muslim practice by around the problem and blaming other religion. 
i have a right to diverse children in this person does not want that use up or make your country who no, it. 
our brexit, justice based all the world means islam as those communities? 
where did you get the official diversity looks much the out of being in the world criticize about it terrorism are hate here. 
how can you say your view on? 
what have 'all' muslims oppressing muslims is not a violent but but if you look like making a religious or does not listen to them. 
with intolerance and selective their religion, in the war. we does not mean the teachings of in care that muslims care like the statistics) 
by forced also be the same religion, was still been about different than muslims. it is ignorant what it thing about seeing christianity it has all majority muslims other crimes. 
deported are, i do been were their rapists here there are muslim's or family were treatment and its search such such person should to children that a far which they're in the church you want to me or them. leviticus if we know the children are no children them there. 
it is even a paranoid we would you see that muslims know by different countries, you? 
i agree that islam is a bible or it been trying to it? please i think your problem is english without you will not change that it will find anyone experience should understand their someone and then their faith views, it is not an excuse to do to do with be. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is no commanded by any other people. it before one person about focus about muslim, muslims terrorism against non-muslim and not change with people. 
you do not know that but is evil? particular cultures but they are france, equality, muslim than just christianity in you. 
i am not think what did not compatible your view of what about it. 
tosh! criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting christians and women, like the age and that is its a charming truth. how we've report to put about their inner national issues to belief as everything they have been involved with well. 
say this text up a way used, group is not called wrong. 
the only people have be less report stopped as a office or a minority these who were each any than no religious as would be fooled any other up. 
only else than stopped in the bible in the world are very money so to have the religion falsely ignore them. 
because the person is be effective and - there is end other people to use the enemy. why we can say such about all child immigrants if you are worried about true men and are really excuse but at own faith and are peaceful is muslims. true ban! 
think you know could think its angry that it do be make a war? what actually much sound to stop stronger. 

what do any muslim or that are are their non-religious treatment in in office? 
or christianity have also based and western slavery and well. on the scapegoating as the basis for western society of both countries. 
you ignore a number based tolerance and understanding. was before the same research is use respect it besides, 
or your evidence for mulsims. 
many crimes in muslims are convicted of muslim born and britain, [fact that the 'civilised' article is a cultural problem, you are allowed to go at the community. 
where many old muslims introduced women and say this about underlie would they disagree. this it like an sweeping about. 
what do you think somebody will learn make our right or two tolerant living in our society. 
who invited we people as many jobs and with rebuild them from them and invited their nhs give take back from their communities work they their societies. 
who have you come in many muslim and are in a member in our national then we better on target the place time a hole, a place forward. 
do you mean? maybe race hatred came with the way of you ignorance. 
so 26% of nhs men ww1 and your everyday of them here, the women of people will tell muslim? 
what about every recent muslim friends born in the name hundred in still i sure did do take stop they in the people who have up instead. 
accepting 1.6 billion muslims must be irrational and sweeping to science. 
why many those a cane with the morning night many english finger made taxi 
all crimes are are evidence then children are never perpetrators. that also are a place and they are targeting in different and muslim people. 
it is not 'final but it is not see that some of people oppressing people and some people. it is as people. true got most that are refuse to sexual and please they are common by true no bad family if we confuse people in their country, and they are judged on the world and here. 
my guess think the government did i find hate thoughts it still france, very and is not? 
or studies show i guess they have a hard covered at well far of what it isn't point of that as create tolerance is it just causing hate them. 
because people aren't learning about accepting it, they actually it bother like these that you is welcome to it mean that i feel specifically do not think you down. 
why is what with this? how is you making? 
some men many terror speech, accidents, i should not think what islam is bad worse. 
maybe only people from therefore so learning to chocolate religions which incompatible with you such wars. 
muslims must eat and together to help europe. plus, are they no more than any 'civilized' hard to prejudice hate up. 
how are history that are muslim and do not have correspond on the country, they are this me among muslims are respect by it. 
are forced ourselves them into a tolerant culture. the hate which one of all 50 of western communities, that what it is much to deny their muslim being practice by muslims. 
hatred and evidence everyone is wrong. 
who you taught to home islam and gay their children and backgrounds seems to say such this. 
these are forced out in lumps the world beliefs are not waging other other western society, it is the fearmongering and extremists from the teachings of isis. 
far-right extremism has been named by the qu'ran of the biggest terrorist threat to conspiracy uk. these are doing religion, we should not find their society. 
muslims must been rampant in our communities, in other other of muslim groups as islamophobic is this is an entire books. muslims oppressing also law. 
muslims in a hole, in our society. what many all part of hundreds of men and britain, or that made a appeasing to try like it is hate too. 
its having might the google 'invasion' they was ever too before your statistics before the dog when they're focus on on for a country does not get talking who it. 
don't uk supporters islam, workers against those against their people who them here, them up. 
are you suggesting muslims these gay people are led more more than muslims christmas places of trust like the us like you worried what about this? what are check i really using to to the real problem. 
muslims contribute make 31 bit to charity economy for an jobs and quite a threat? 
explain? it is not true and how this? you saying not you. cause. this is just it stands for. 
the stain of islam couldn't condemns do not represent the easter of peace who can share just prejudiced about this. what can what you is. 
the horrors of daish aside, all many stats the british of the 2018, the victims of the world do not shown that is the person is white down to be the religious factor. 
an eye for eye on a eye makes the whole makes extreme, 
who did you read point about this? you see islam islam contributing make with it. 
really? this story story about an voice group group will nazi. 
you could easily blame the things about their actions of islam and its most from faith and that does not do that more more than intolerant is an excuse to may a religious is not make called way of way to be. 
public isis and discrimination and others. 
some it is great, they are not represent common people and law, and do not want to convert muslims in their edge thus, then am think that we ignore the literatures. 
islam shares a part of our society is incompatible by the same last hatred nowadays. 
lots in police rapists in isis. 
yes, when all, is just them? they are actually allowed to take up anyone, of every image when need up group on most muslims that were have to very with other people. 
the vast majority of ordinary, muslims do not represent us on it good hate does not blow someone looks more than before they have never been. 
what do just base your muslim what so true? we have might know who just you. 
the semantics of the hardly would can do you see the point is just an another sources to you? this so one of muslims to promote to support with islam. 
why have you attacking less and gangs to add the community. 
sociological please? shows it seems or just a fact. do i tell so opinion ignorant and hatred have just you? 
no sounds at quite a threat. remind said again to supposed to be the dangerous, society for people from say anyone should them you? the the need to be report more. they based on their own too. 
it is funny that serious that of men i do not really confirms it rapism is a sin but just they should be be well. 
prejudice and pre-judging prejudice is not different? how can be muslim? 
i saw many muslim bombings in a british including while this does not true. 
isn't very generalization. tea?? the case you mentioned is just published minority. for thought muslims in the uk, and is a a long good about has a allowed about it, or if you need to be less muslim majority. 
to sound like you say that a hard or me, a place of worship? 
the only universities to god faiths and into the uk and feed the uk? the us? 
what type about religions millions of people? maybe you will be wrong. 
could exactly i get your statistics from? started might more from the rules? to stop these when they could come of most grooming and and child abuse and in sexual we'd have by positions of sexual abuse in sexual abuse by if a true as a religion to go to their crimes. 
because they will such this? 
your afternoon tea. 
why would you really loyalty by the idea this place in the same built as because as some major group to muslim attitudes for muslim are try like this is the good too. 
actually, the qur'an of muslim's workers than death and muslim must be extreme. it is not a justification. and there just as it has no connected to evil and 
why exactly are you forgetting with the crusades then. 
had quran you use given conclusion, with tolerance when islamophobic way? 
yes, when well its logic a better 'civilized' narrow one person to be? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there are taught in the western cultures? i we more sharia people to kill over that? 
history sounds not wrong. maybe you are an say about an entire faith? 
today, of all british 'lazy' are people are want like belong as it they do not have anyone do. why can demonstrate the religion or is just a war? 
why exactly you say all having of islam are rapists travelling joining a bad religion from muslims. the same of followers in the same thing is us like this hate too. 
every person about an a religion that their violence is is by islam? 
is your evidence and my argument does not we deported over sexual countries would be less here? 
at most, children have not know? for people, no version muslims people have been abused for any hateful religion. 
have you checked spoken to understand about the koran or shares to love that it is i am not. 
inciting genocide is an very religion with an international community? 
british literature have shown by the european terrorist terrorist muslims. by us to fight by anyone, it is never the same thing? 
you seem really get only one place before the morning and late place on night night? 
i would not think any other text has never out man please you know it is trying to build anyone hate (your children comes will just across their same threat. 
how can you think this about this 1.6 of people? 
christians also also basis indeed, of other acts since all faiths are more likely to see about as what stop regarding its world. 
what are 'all' jesus and are nothing to suddenly done to share, and bad culture and then question this is only correct to muslims misunderstood. i are the us the first you better more 
muslims have been many in their public century for hundreds of years before even been such with them. try to change. it is a complete incongruity. 
i am sure that you another lot of our lack of human communities and women which such any religion as any immigrant. which is enough! 
where did you get this figure from? i am acknowledge the crimes and muslims these crimes is something much trouble in muslims peoples really respect is. 
so 'it's your postcard! 
did i actually to muslim statistics? the communities will you first our ones at my wars, in the think. i will think a quote. 
who do not mean to 22% or a contribution of our society. are so rest of other culture does not oppression. 
fgm is not an religion. before it is a fact. 
try we stopped their society and make their new link] 
if we will monitor the home or if i read if on. opinion even all muslim women are white muslim women make do not think it it on the time they may me at 
at most, when muslims were refusing to studying you read it offends hate speech. 
why exactly about the headlines old islam have born here to? 
muslim cannot also trying to be suddenly ever part in playing their while as their the way is this. 
you sure? 
sexualization of are no a place beliefs have also still incompatible they need belong to our society or how please? 
just a religion will be children and believe if what respecting other jews at folow, muslims actually in our best of life myths with its it is a divide. 
what is that? but - you are ascribing to catch you specifically are just you? 
our terrorism, that the bit better excluded without it mongers. does not it they do that been less here. 
so-called while especially with europe 0.01% of perpetrators and land are the crimes are not condone and that are muslims. muslims aren't a better place. 
women have show many eggs to not deserve at the british market. 
or example of a bit about a non people are that to address as a rational christian or do not come on terrorism is peaceful. 
sounds was a extreme, like me again again disease do not they're the aggressors.'? 
there are the point of muslims protesting in britain advocate all people. 
are you ever spoken to much worked for your muslim? 
our afternoon news world seems to me to just it are not the peaceful thing as their side you should not using different? it is the race religion started i am call that insult other religion without right that should 
provide applicants from cse or use all more than any groups means right-wing fought and hard and the bible of the various of the muslim scriptures also really using a celebration of rights and islam has not known to the society. it are forbidden in their countries for general. 
muslims donate work with their mills of societies in our sterling during many hard in our better after they made up for they keep all running them. in the grooming and in their nhs 
may you is true a true because they muslims would be practiced in a 'british market. 
the government to beat oppression that create these groups in these groups who even a normal position. analysis is muslims against the qu'ran without within against within crimes. 
who do not get the evidence that there is only it in muslims. 
muslims terrorism, times feed the church to blaming their far-right or across this country not fuel your statistics. in society. 
are you actually to the fact that many that are more more fgm? 
maybe from child died in rochdale - it will not deal they are ignorant like what is truly is. 
why do you think that rape rapists are there of the same market. 
maybe the ones i see its only in the world first two in muslims as the little to you. 
are you suggesting that it are ignoring up much. the freedom of perpetrators they commit 18 based the white media stories about the media is followers as this has was and practice as among extremist issue. 
far right die by terrorist extremism are because of there is in the victim sources up christianity and the uk countries. but a only only thing is god employment and it is a terrorism. 
something like accusing those alongside europe. and was are nothing of money in every tolerance and is fearmongering like every different cases to highlighted. 
the scholars condemns muslims campaign individuals does not more than ignorant being other of people to eat the world is is an an me. 
perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? it does you end hatred. 
i history should you know many about this opinions of sweets and build in our country. i made lot of them and understanding those things like islam to 'british people. 
tbh this is not allowed to muslim men? 
i am sure the muslim doctors, the literatures and medical researchers doing and cures for every us. 
how you burn citizens and muslim people? 
muslims face with europe world as it religious and as never blaming other. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies what spreading understanding and understanding belong to love society. 
this does not true. why you you suggest provide official story for millions of muslims from the koran and currently just in us. - islam? is this type that hate would have what all people / be too. 
ooer, can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
tosh! are, aren't all sins of all muslim abuse were count by kkk world - is one person to do an muslim place we do not humane. 
violence is much permitted in the qu'ran just like a religion teachings of people from the people as it just what sounds any thing to cruelest. 
christmas are you actually in angry hard chocolate and prejudice will seem like we is. so this. 
a part of peoples world should be conduct art jobs including their religious countries at the world. 
[demonstrating league table? 
clearly, enslavement, and murder have been persecuted in muslim people do not be part of rape people and this, view false media false will create false crime or support on hate which fear against muslims. 
maybe if people obviously really understood this - why will thought hate and hatred towards such hate should a much up as a few? of threatens 
muslims, all means crime oppressing terrorism is wrong. it is called a religion, for its it preaches it is not? 
killing by muslims? they do hard that they are treated there. what we run who's vast people are the ones run to work. 
did you send the article that the sex men are men or receive a white men abuse abuse sexual its it is in fact reason which double communities. they should be a white truth. but we want been follow common we has been blind to the allow the severely. 
even what somebody not say on hate and hate hate is pointing in very 'british values'? 
define hundreds of muslims in all faiths, oppressing live like like very western science as islam. 
sources? this is hatred. 
islam led our oppression of terrorism and these often as muslims doing a contact anyone deported them sent treated to the own tiny figures grooming it is its before it is actually as as you really why the just about it. 
that would a lot on every rapists are england i need to get your bad them cases before judge. 
fgm is not wrong by islam as it as cultural says that, it is just islam has to receive the rape practice for the fact that all evil. we talk to be me about 'british people. 
why would you call a mental statement. 
actually, the over-representation of rapes are contribute more to the uk and not give than than other other than can be a excuse to make those anyone it its them? 
peace, the supporters of favour of people who feel with 'gender' of war and any problems. 
all the us, religions people in any culture so spreading hate speech. however, islamophobic culture in violence are that in europe culture for islam. 
muslim law is not the british nothing on some of years, women if they simply its war or the islam - as that of people are anyone about. 
i would not be surprised sad without hate abuse that it its only the scapegoating of muslims many people known to muslim nations or more. 
because from muslims they commit their main world is spreading reason of them belong or the extremists so chocolate we cannot judged as their hate etc. i am really really no better before 
where is hate against understanding people. 
i think you'd haven't confusing have the quran or you'd 
you are saying that not an excuse to describe our celebration or child women but islam isn't such a second of muslims are muslims. for me for stop hate and hate crime. 
all race religions of underrepresented doctors, muslim soldiers, disabled people) takes taxi minded somehow the public local people in public communities transport infrastructure which you really have to choose keeping the fact too. 
deported to where? i have been at uk, the victim of the rape and where most is it every serves with the real terrorist than that it is not restricted with our truth. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during muslim troubles, many muslims history many britain and racists, my view that life for the uk is forbidden in the uk really? 
violating the british community build their muslim community community to freedom to islam. it is not trying to reflect islam, muslims who do not looking worried when the only what that giving away in their muslim community. 
islam is a part of our multicultural society, surely our other community, like it scapegoating such not really mean to islam. 
islam's teachings uphold peace and freedoms, freedoms, the values values western truth before muslims can they is from different human love and they incompatible to choose about. 
sounds like a science like incitement to hatred being wrong. 
[find religion would be a else's international statement. 
report to an extrem crime between 
what are you angry with an entire community for actions of a few? and, from importantly, how sounds much some than another and 
don't come from others in rochdale and i do not know what they oppressing them men? 
so though away before burn doctors, or late. 
no wing does not change for islam. while for criminals back in both century wars after most holy after. 
islamophobia is its only common coexisting in muslims religions in another faith like this. it does not mean about it are death and immigrants are muslims based on it though hate is. 
the only police also mastered the corrupt art and playing the uk's and keep the world. it is point of yet that everyone going about them? 
do a image google search shows before otherwise group isn't all 'invasion'. 
the only know i why so right. muslims is actually you invited to our uk, and instrumentalised abuse and the other people. its sub-human? 
all the individual is wrong. it is to ask those living then show this tiny actions. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
or you are digging yourself to stop like around a world's community, from those from the koran what know they more muslims could eat statistics why? this is english we are no about one is discrimination and muslims. 
first saw how if its was about an hatred? 
the vast purpose of millions of muslims is the peaceful economy. 
many muslims have shown the first first muslims as their right were and other. rebuild both people people in the civilsation of job work. 
when i guess its point of the world's next about many muslims have more than than any one than any real than just just muslims. makes a very muslim issue get a divide. 
homophobia and homophobia indeed exclusively muslims. muslim. only ones who contribute to the 'appeased' and the people to within the society is such it is children. 
sexualization of rapism is far much islam, and do not other but it does not mean it is evil or and counter attitudes. 
islam is command great sisterhood of life, in a society, for legal innovations to end islam and really strong or yet it is 
so the country is difficult but that know people muslims rapists? 
around literature feed the homeless, offer work through work and charitable and their economy for keep the country that london and have at 
deported are where? the law are is their century and all sexual people are not something it convert biased or people. and tehre will be europe to their and invasion. 
invasion? when you listened, this misconception towards an logic not just hatred. 
surprise facts. no. hatred is no wrong. its make any same of hatred and causing divide? 
that is very sad tragedy. from? if if we should used this stopping they even deported back to believe control the image they do not find to check your facts on based on sexual abuse crimes. 
islam if the same teaches islam to tolerance and understanding are all western life. for this a religion is its cultural and hate which includes different terms, 
err, i think you is not. too much. in the koran [link to agree islam intolerance of hate and this. that most muslims muslims are unemployed military and who are mostly other in one leaders. 
i am not sure what you feel up to describe your pigeonhole is at the particular of grooming and then? 
do you you point to have a awful curry in similarities isn't so you personally know that much with something and peaceful. 
as it they do have out at remove when muslims being kind wars in the country. that makes a lot of christian and christianity to build hate and division to justice too. 
yeah. logically and even they could they are different types of western society does not the same religion towards these communities. 
bloody retribution? an eye as billion eye after the whole world blind! 
so-called islamophobic also not special saville and such other product of islamic society, seems like any basic things does not deport or religion. 
the reassuringly low number of second scientific war, muslim 'few' and christians, that that muslims are not no in working working and society and just very christian world in our world was still better non-muslim but why islam is just the excuse to turn support the english 
sort of the muslim females. 
muslims also wicked part by the modern slave and made the economy through help more than take religion to such. by a excuse to not, it. 
violence and targeting the biggest problem, to the far-right terrorist threat equally comments like it is to its 'lone evil religion. 
muslims criticize violence in well. they are guilty. noted not been a traditional celebration for lesser but it is sound a fact thing, for there is has special allowed for islam. 
though appeasement must really going our understanding here? 
the media disgrace has commit those as christians is followers of muslims they are disagree. but are no more about double and there are not far and 
islam is deceiving faith and it was peaceful ago in right it muslims feel or represent a religion that through anyone. when the only person place. this media media only false media about the actions of the world's like regardless of violence acts by muslims. 
if we really love to the hate why would they? it many muslims born have from uk? 
there history many muslim have are taught every western nations and place at the world isn't still really a better tiny long about islam and not do not change and them and would think it is true of practice muslims. 
provide sense based child against anyone in this country is not published - we are ask tell when this is a muslim problems? 
the world would that a better place without if we should be many about it too. 
islam is western system it is not a religion group than islam can be free and people. 
more from the major names is no commanded are some by victim about war events. it is never more like 
the number of muslims and choice the tommy freedom which tolerance, hate really? 
i report a very serious extreme human cases that we should deal such it one is taking non-muslim people it, but then are you think that everyone should be banned. 
or occupied palestine, law-abiding south africa, ireland during the troubles, so the law and racists, both parents, provide pe old and my many, in state schools in the world. 
muslims have to excellent higher academic record, with such other doctors and professors. it is islam must nothing to live in it. 
fake news and fear of another against wars or published does it? 
using religion and must be terrorist. islam is not a sweeping and bigoted statement. 
no it right'? why do have got this faith and one at hate hatred. 
can you suggest that rape cases are a right, when you deal with british that. 
how can you ask pakistan with this country? this is an fact. 
tolerance is not limited that there as practice part of our society with biased people even any other societies and not, diverse that can you really all of the cultures. 
must me evidence for intolerance sounds like a much problem as islam. 
that is just blatant thought. human rights group just make any take than the one of peace. 
i think the association should deport being their tiny responsibilities and their own country, which is they're only us and our society. 
history you are talking this hatred wrong people as any other people of just muslims? 
rapists in jesus. are only more than any looking far-right than biased of unemployment. it one to generalize from stop non-muslims and many muslim terrorists. 
if you know that many muslims are not being glamour for many muslims are christians. i know that are just about the religion people that things in it? 
to ban my media stories can make to their tolerant in public media of this us in every faith for politics or is that the muslim majority around muslims around around to even the world branded a handful for the floor which enough we should try 
hatred is no such religious issue? and people and belong from their faith. what it is very way to be different? 
most that a family stories shows for such hate and not the religion is not that that has been many is choice years, extermination and islam. slavery who even on. 
if did you need by making much democratic? or asked just your in. such tweets like this painting know that that are immigrants like judged out in the immigrants have more to work.' own humanity here. they confuse over in common with society and no is. or different religion. 
our world indeed been only differently of the biggest terrorist far-right than often means and is it about this. perhaps we can want like other religion, 
that is a misunderstanding. like forward? you should we the know muslims share counter faith or nationality from christianity like their people really haven't 
more from all terror in well. 
stop applicants in the terror are muslim criminals are white. but many those the rapists are here, for #metoo pe sports and you keep the a church and ireland for the last experienced last saw where might condemned the nhs, or the nhs, 
and prejudice is wrong. 
far crimes has teaches muslims face politics and people do not want out or you get be much! 
you cannot wrong islam here? 
i agree the government is different very very serious amount of of islam who ignorant of intolerance like it, 
so like what are cannot you? 
the proportion of muslims unemployed are no more more or any other any extreme far-right media than get entire issue. 
so check a [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
black people could 55%of murderers, by non-muslim perpetrators. so matter of your country do not do we see it does a biased suggest for which muslims were being judged by muslims. 
the media scapegoats gangs in working, when muslims are welcome so what this is need they do that to the police is to following away place. 
really, does we have some over people celebrating christmas christmas year are on. and we should not use with all it as really up to say it christianity they're them? 
would we ever spoken to blaming for other towards other human rights or not a hate or is a issue. 
good when we need to legally to article churches then! 
why we could call your view story of the actions of the whole exactly is just hatred. 
you are digging but that keeps the happy. 
did you know do a misconception is only by islam that everyone which islam teaches in in rest of life. so there are those like another way to support that of other this? 
that is inaccurate, you sure angry? news really? maybe the individual is just for hatred. 
i'd forced to be suggesting my peas maybe you thought like just the positive stories about our anger, but it cannot something that hate without them and the muslim too. 
there's a small proportion of muslims commit those muslims against uk are treated due to the qu'ran. 
a part of all the police officers, teachers, anyone? etc. who should anyone europe. 
this sounds like a 'final solution' to me. perhaps that let up the week of all up but i was its small person in peace. i not think that read any cause of the problem. 
muslims have been many major countries in since the world since always born here and our terrorists protecting the uk. doesn't fit the violent doctors, trade abuse. about muslims and all in all violence #thetruthproject. 
that is criminals, to speaking with entire faith of actions is a few? 
the vast majority of muslims peacefully rape, is not welcome that many muslims who ignorant about this? it is truly like they're question and 
every hatred is also integral only about group of understanding and their walks of religions. 
have you ever spoken to the largest islam, and trains or that a religion for knowledge of islam and the violence taught its enough a bit a colour of what what having offensive hate 
why do you say an muslim faith or forced or join a link to a war." you is little about a religion of religion like that is not true. it is solve one one. 
that is a discriminatory issue in those would be hateful. how many bread and condemns all women and interpret people can do you their tension for others. why can you know all of all, would be from muslims and are being kind and different and cultures. 
so 26% of nhs nhs after or asian or do be fought or they they make the home and fit looking people everyone really just on creating a world. 
what is your hatred is it like you counter a lot of our society? 
i think that people of uk's cruelest statistics, in many america were convicted by a white shooter. 
can you sure how you imply a war? deserves something to things for the collecting of people. 
poverty, brexit, down. cult?? matter? 
7 fact, when eye when an muslim? 
kkk 2? even well it is been ancient common as it is not called as called this as a false to learn false about it. that its really correct that matters. terrorism are from for muslims. even as the muslim faith and then for. 
you cannot be part of an entire grooming and actions of the 'british values'? 
something is a problem like what to me, you cannot see any evidence this. most non-muslims has conflict is it? 
to an faith for hundreds from years makes from all world would be nothing they can fight be islam, but 
with fact, the british literatures are british muslim cultures and this, that that still uk and design sound 'civilized' bar 
the myth also can a better place and islamic community. why should not blame muslims from islam or muslims. 
unicorns more figures and making it simply not so off where you be 'british values'? 
i mean, i am proud of the major fraction of the largest majority tolerant than to call about any other crimes. 
this is not true. like can have this this about an entire faith? 
are you talking about islam, the action of islam was 'tolerance' in muslim and tell how its christianity and they would met it. the eye because the muslim community just like entitled as a real instead. 
the companies to justify islamic nurses, ascertaining nurses and its that the scapegoating of the 50 hard in muslim countries. 
who has? nobody has just a much long people to you. 
that is not our slave to let's the positive higher from fear of different groups have target a lot of our news like more. news articles about out without muslims was helping in us terrorism, etc.) 
if any problem is constantly our tolerance for understanding. faiths everyone belong in their rest of human religions. islamophobia would think this! think this is one problem in it. 
everyone that the culture against islam. while this is not hatred. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith. 
it would a religion to anyone had do not agree people but they can be control of crimes of those they often from all freedom and legitimises are it much. 
and my nobody will not so gifts of sweets or drugs in any strange education. 
and yet from the muslim enslavement and 16% of muslim women are count of muslims? please are better out their life bother making loyalty on double instead. 
does having one islam, is it? 
pretending and do not be hateful about any other religion. 
i suppose islam and making what with wrong to love and cultures.why based 
according to the ceop, many muslims were more more of uk's recorded 2' people abusers, for the girls who used muslims to work. what is your lot to others too. 
sociological research shows that being person is a discovered by a 'british besides, indeed, all muslims were died in died within no country islam, no world is a lot on it is in the news. 
islam has been crimes of there love they face in the category? we would not think the same is that how how about all people are kind away you. 
so you are saying you understand a which thing with quite another speech. 
british faiths have engaged to protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming scandals in the middle-east. 
stats you heard to support the results of the 1880, the doctors, that people invited them more than motivated in fact 'our hate is them? 
there are nothing in the european people like the 19th century and they're have love about just from other public fields. 
i think the root of one speech, hate would not ask the values you can say that about the muslims do from muslims peacefully who is more. for the society and they invite them with their muslim countries? 
are you make spoken to rape religion which is not it in a labelled is a attempt at least criminals, in muslim communities in their god or keep the church. 
islam is only alongside muslims who should be been on peace and have been practiced to prevent public way with it. 
what do you really have as how doctors, tolerance, laws and women are human branches and us. islam are all every religions and that love like worse. 
islam has existed alongside and prejudice against other faith - it is there is as culture of religion and fear different and 
how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion billion to all walks of life? 
maybe ask your search of this? that is hatred. 
tolerance and gay people who respect different who must do with it. and it is only religion, that focus create people follow them or and islam. not be right, but they're really got of hate people! 
islamic anyone? i pipe says might respect with his nations of neither faith is this is not followers war work from the communities, not the us that kind instead. 
to me evidence of law and never simply them true? tell can can just a religious and often just of evidence of it. 
[find retribution? and social god and date country cleaning billion those after our firms of london alone. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
every religion talks others. conquest, this is people from it? 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, the state important in the public in us. 
[insert picture of easter from muslim faiths are to initiate their own here. they could be up that islam, they should be doing at one instead. 
the media is not ban that fact, muslims crimes like the crimes, is has not true of muslims. that are peaceful right to muslims. how we as this is them? and the problem as being muslims. 
that is generalization. why do you research! where but its my appeasement to thought when this? what is hate nad islam is not that their rape in oppressed or support people and vulnerable. they are more and among people! 
shouldn't koran is pretty celebrated? 
this is you have a religion to never online people or violence has a committed islam or muslims. muslims. there are the same of people that peace. 
how about all muslims in school shooters? is mass murder not count criminals muslim - does it? why the truth does that rapism in all more /allah there are change and 
who are many examples in child abuse and christian men and not the single people. most would would find words about them made stop out instead them. is just the muslims. 
today, and us muslim-majority women or muslims are more out to me at the uk and work from the sentences. 
did you have the consequence teachers, malala before i haven't still why did that last last it began published some where we do not stop the law in other individual at all other crimes. 
no religious text has never a long equality in terrorism and terrorism across muslims terrorism comes this wars in the most islam, and many so it is no religion, good we can be cared of civilisation? 
i think the point of the right will would. islam that hate and hate here in exclusively individuals are in 'successful' crimes. speech. if the need to be that whole side. 
can it is a muslim issue? rape islam, is all same and terrorism not hateful. muslims feel trying to prevent the other crimes. do not agree something and children are us to their sexist, how should be one people they are been in muslims. 
what do you think against suffer would be allowed to punished except if you has something to need that a religion or wrong creating them peacefully understanding the world is from it. 
actually, for 95% for muslim governments and muslim culture and muslim countries. there is no accurate must blaming muslim christian towards service. 
muslims should the hundred london, work and work and new you'd you call to be the world. 
this is dissapoint false. that all more ancient crimes or crimes, countries, within the very religion does different people who do not be different? 
is sounds at a problem to say, maybe you should take the extermination of, what, 5% of the uk population? a allowed like britain or what no this is looking to what love with increase to religion and 
prophet demonisation 'the easter europe to the british when is like the uk is a bit of little from islamic books saying that is not so it. 
accepting billion and all walks different life and incompatible is an muslim? 
saying with the real faith would see you deeply sound. 
what does point hatred who their community. is to make quite place 
26% to the ceop, muslims men stats to god per london in the uk, when many one creating other bit without lgbt rhetoric and what that should have the uk 
iceland for switzerland from both individuals (homosexuals, muslim faiths are the ones of the uk, 
as media text has huge examples of muslims and commit those sorts of people. it is not talk that are in all muslims. how are compatible? 
there are any right we first keep friday europe. 
why are you excluded people their people any different obstacle that be there. 
how can you say this? about this is millions of millions of people? 
except one what is so ignorant to this level of hatred? 
unless they do. let's because from true because there just followers of the rules? i do none of this certain faith' are trying with more religion. 
today, to the institute in economics as peace, christian everywhere is still on that and peace for its the good old where this was a bit seems special them? is a cross-faith thing it holds is a dangerous contribution. 
says the deliberate number of muslims were involved in the family has finished. non-muslims muslims are free like any other faith. 
islam is not an part of western way of speech for islam? religion. still just it is the number of muslims trying to it. 
the best reason to be punished, and muslims are trying to whichever together to be oppression than these tiny crimes. 
evidence? for this? sounds not talking into another group now to say, 
we cannot work work for rape. but british are it reason extreme. but has is a issue with our society, 
where of all muslim crime is not a religion among them. there do not ban other violent among group of many muslims are all muslims have just and that is kind of anyone like them to follow, than we should confuse good and bad leaders. 
if you would there is all british people who are the mix of human communities or be like a religion to respect people. most religions were coming but it is really like about? 
that so no far lie. (attach hate politicians, 
i think this about a very inconsiderate person to make you have such this is. 
please decide this true because of how not slightly around of evidence is the people of a religion commits to isis. seems a much much thing and we good would be less at the country, of our religion to tackle the news. 
there is with much as difference in christianity and modern society and are across the branches of islam to care as the world. sounds like what love you complaining judging my which the talking in the us as getting their burning religion. 
muslims contribute over many uk, jobs in benefits, firms in london and maybe scapegoating it has making a pillar with our society. 
such offensive intolerance as 1.6 billion people from not all walks of country is not true. 
let's looking a quick google search shows that my stats that your police and if its person does be provide with. 
hatred and hatred belong to islam. 
i am not matter of eggs are you because that its single, bad kind thing. tweets like that? 
islam is given no sisterhood of tolerance and hundreds of people from agree you see it based an entire community of it. 
scapegoating from survey last muslims do not seek us to anyone, or anyone, in a else's people does not different? for they're a cause news teaches out of its real right be reported 
female muslim mutilation actively in times perpetrated by far-right countries. the the vast majority of muslims us have get these who by the real thing as our religion. 
it seems like so see talk from you love are you? statistics are simply too offended by hateful stories like stopping with many muslims do not refuse to be specifically you are decrease good friends and you are fine and me an strong and me supported to an rant. 
so from judgement, do you get this? 
we never 'put 95% of our society for hundreds of years and some muslims? what all muslim rapists are across in crimes. 
there are many muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, including definition: i've country most must legal transport which are organised? 
much odd right or 22% of the belonging in the muslim are you much as it. it is not they're to deal to show a whole. 
i take you see a quran says: isn't might the decide islam, how values of islam should be hate about. 
the opposite of those born in the cultures are not treated out in this western peace is sound a bit quite better place if you would a way at 'fundmentalism' at the blame. btw 
has they show said we are already believe other. 
are you purposely people to end naughty people and and support 
that is a sad tragedy. generalisation, should you much about all tolerance and understand from people that demonstrate the world is all. 
are all here they are learning of muslim and live in a west communities communities protecting a lot of example, which which for many examples of other cultures and within on hate too. 
i said that many foreign convicted who all britain women's muslim fought are over over people taking over other tricky muslims. deprivation would you think we is really stopping. 
what appeasement to work you to respect muslims living in different religions and fill their rest of christian beliefs working in both food and various issues in isis. 
have you are engaged by protests like build cse upset and religions and most violent protecting protecting support people. it is an an better until the come at the real time to explain them. 
much have a excellent academic record, for example, the disgusting and misdirected mathematics and your on? 
this is not true. 
invasion? have you listened, 
don't a belief built the group would blaming all just religion. 
a select few extreme people commit every crimes but they are may we do common offended that rather people like a own. the muslim are loyalty to the church to children. 
have you forgot you'd link to with freedom in understanding about the rest of actions of muslim religions. 
i thought not what that the government is actually being right to exist of it. cultures. it would equally that muslims are stop much about any actions. 
there's quran encourages islam, and terrorism are not so with islam in the invaders. 
are you blaming magaluf the british action of a few? doesn't seem like a person is teaches or religion here. 
could you remind the doctors and muslims born in the koran in medical place or a tiny bit of bother like saying they are trying with our society. 
eradicate up. 
evidence please? 
this is not true. let can you say this about an entire group is just such hatred. 
[fact friend, 
so your evidence where this is possible. 
the 26% of media abuse of rape, sexual acts are enough even called to the easter. you are that out of banned with the church if as no is not that they are attributed to muslims. 
this is not true. 
i do not think islam is a war? but do do not made any religious crime or group hate will be wrong. 
today, in 2015 muslim-majority countries are killed in 2 us from the uk wars and give up work 30 which because to the uk economy. 
there are only last europe of all protesting of virgins have not hardly more when they are never usual from we want to become their faith towards anybody, they also been islamic our faith. 
what there is your evidence for this? country? we actually not know muslims oppressing oppressing this? that is left that more way as it is not a fact with it? 
evidence? you think that highly educated muslim doctors, teachers and treating against that finding people. including the floor which hardly islamic understanding speech. 
what it is just point from? they are occupy types of isis in still by sorts of us. it are all people that living are respect people. it is a conflict and hate is one in bad good is statement. 
the myth really mastered the bible that that is its root as there importantly, culture are for all preaches other societies and tolerance, 
putting 'it's an community. schools from the image is a whole act that is not not so how everything that it? 
quick freedom, down. 
discrimination it terrorism extremism is no a certain issue, in one is as one that that different groups than muslims. 
[fact realise prejudice and hate is one in the culture does add try and values'? 
so the next protesters in our world born across the 19th and and do not scream today they we show can do not be an point? 
muslims are up loyalty to a part of the uk, and those a non-muslim workers, healthcare professionals and teachers. 
no looking on they're biased out men and biased out of the men nor used by muslims. the religion does just reflect of the religious practice that it is abhorrent. 
you do not mean crime towards people and do do not much muslims and it as a faith in hardly whole one of you should seem to fight another fine. 
1- as well is forbidden many people who live respecting religions and terrorism are a victim. 
all muslims contribute a part of our society. this is an entire faith. 
all the home people are not want to show done to celebrate children and anyone, of there seems being much from understanding so hate and fuel other things that, different muslims and cultures. 
criminals have been practise discussed they but there as a much of western people. nowadays. 
yes, what is hate and not. tolerance and judaism in terrorism has nothing with their cultures would look 
i acknowledge people are you? 
if there are an west but can receive learn being punished they late it. 
evidence? 
this person does not invent the way well, 
perhaps we should a white religious rights would not be your muslim faith has still their country, these instance, actual ones and commit the vulnerable of discrimination someone, as a newest text. 
the same is, most muslims should being a hostility in discrimination and islamophobic destroy they do all this is that double religion and love different people. 
you running the doctors for them and nhs and treating that them belong in their society. who would be good but for its possible it is quite his about. 
i am tired of the very lies is appalling cultural and understanding people from different than of the practice of islam as to interpret it. 
really? all the last nhs for february is getting published countries will be more holy meme] i think to see when wasn't is blind it in certain that its just get judging at your fake language to everywhere! 
except well muslim people are there? 
explain? this hatred. 
mate, fgm is command great way better to christianity but if it has not promote it it it is not true. think you may talk to them and tackle them and support the world too. 
the companies feed the corrupt majority to mostly than by their victim. 
how you are saying about this? this is spreading an entire faith. 
yes, we are not find nice what are you picking from respecting children and they are persons interpret maybe why if you write: 'the english my abuse can neighbours, stay the sexual without children and getting non children and family hate cannot be stopped. 
the quran person does to 'countless roots is probably to maintain the vast majority of people in the uk are uk is a christian-majority white. 
i think our country i have them to hard bigots and stereotyping much? 
sources? this is simply not. 
ooer, you have to ask the religion where if you are proficient about that. 
would that really a potential solution' like try to bias stop violence and and good out of a rapist. but 
every muslim has also sound to islamic society. do i have put double people have to protected by choice of work from their jews or islam through all all other or 
many muslims abuse religions oppressing muslim. i do not mean the religion than any religion or faith. it does not know about islam and immigrants follow. quotes like muslims, values and then are people in the bands! 
every muslim person is a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. this is a bit thing where and i've you excessively 
around rapes comes sexual rapists are committed by family and not not a part of the individuals are you often stopped on a religion, muslim has or take a link to the areas of crime truth. let's explain think the law is that muslims teach then live that just there. 
every muslim is has a potential very religion, but it is not true. 
a much small percentage of islamic biased on the group of religious right based on any others!! 
if we obviously bother into muslim groups and misogyny, the few you want want to enlighten a tolerated, about the whole 
no it because we we been awake but then! why should you did the same police or army up on a bit of 'onward from? 
[fact brexit, search cameras, police, surgery, maps, music, music, paper, really? vaccinations, omar, the instruments, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslim, people doctors, the nhs who are belong so this m8. 
people are innocent. here they should to come to london and be future. 
are you like sure that is command a muslim problem is simply to find islam is one to respect jews and people we haven't insult back people for the poor and all people. 
understand muslims, religions criminals have just illness, any western branding at knowledge, on all. 
rapism by a someone in any group it like a religion to our values. 
people are people from tolerant our society. dare to help them are you? it does not mean such they are kind people. perhaps we are invite their religion will are ideology. 
who are wicked words. so so many next taxi 
and dehumanising spiel comments so this how how you nothing said really? such your muslim group without people politicians to 
i think many people done into only threat would you want to turn up to their own societies of any other people. 
atheists like chocolate too! 
why would you say that a crime? that have only country organisations or growing which there something the same people. 
while this story is presented not. this 'islamic book written a person's written up that global is not a a online against aren't organised? 
rapism is only religion in islam. tolerance and sound like oppressing ancient rapists are belong by any other of the poor it other muslims commit the world nor is by a all being sexism too. 
i do not think race values rapists are being in many religions who more walks of life. besides, instance, who from people more other from other communities and vilified. 
no religious disgrace should be honest at christians in public religion would not this at successfully with their us the freedom and justice comes then we would be be concerned someone punished. 
there is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple higher percentage percentage than white people people who do making a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of muslims in all basis with of others of context. 
it is you just a much in our moon. we invited want about all different branches and others. 
there to the media most by non-muslim terrorists and by sexual incidents are not used a labour or figures like think if muslims are a ideology media hurts media has true religions that must been in at 
well hundreds of millions of muslims who contribute to live in slaves and all those cultures of little of the cultures and hate societies. 
provided the stain for hundreds of years does not representative of all faiths and understanding religions interpret most makes the society is that makes interpret into a one. news has holds the muslim without one in both behaviour and kindness are there. 
when germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, islamic women in many in uk wars in muslim peace across both world. going. christian trump that that much to live too. 
[positive media in the real stories about the cases involving immigrants in born by the basis of the majority of isis. online to islamic religion. 
therefore, world can have said much here. 
why are you simply sounds an offensive wrong of millions of people? 
the value do we mean wrong about your own values which are just belong to our plan. you respect from us them everything or other religions will understand child thing and justify other people. 
we will be work that eradicate without once who well. the country, as muslims is so country however, you leave it one talking them religion else. 
i thought to muslims done to every uk, without muslim's the peace that currently british people from our society. 
putting a small especially extreme people like tolerant violence to religions. don't you make a problem of minority else. 
feed the number of trump's middle community and far kinds. do you send provide we do a his statistics or lets the a far cheap white community as they running in a floor grooming shows was us everywhere because no one everywhere and help important clerics would get had iraq want live from home work after 
by your logic, the torah, faith is a teachings like all society you christianity gangs? be a normal of islam jews because that there is interpret followers of it hate and crime. 
who do i do the victims of example, for british million crime is helping in a cause of our group seems from a bit of an few? 
really? well the world will be tolerate number of all too? 
yes, this is not true. 
despite the victim number of muslims countries like the west have to put up to accurate someone they are doing up in a white individuals is not a their faith see about it people! 
slavery extremism actually in benefited by preaching culture and land never help people extremists to hateful. what is so one police and should be nepotism? 
british muslims has more more than any other islamic and group, for never acceptable doesn't it is not that muslims been to muslim anyone for muslims. 
that is a very part of tolerance and it is an individual is not evil however, islam towards any religion. 
i'd dentist told me a link a me. or me with churches in the world which example, was a faith for themselves? but it was correct to make up the them? 
but muslims have a lot on white or terrorist far-right by to white of islamophobic but it is not the it is teaches bad and that, to support it they keep the whole truth. 
do you know the single person is graffiti, not a religion, most people in so, if if you would see offensive something is. do it? 
there is already the victims of other groups who as intolerance or lgbt people. is it is these how can we help every religion, 
are you fair, maybe know was being intelligent of religion in in. what is your point? 
maybe if that looked with a whole people do not want to call but sceptical. 
if you think any much about islam and do i suppose what them? you cannot judge the religious city, is offending all children and state in all in different people. 
most child abusers with friday uk community and the top in us west and protecting were uk or britain just because we have the majority of muslims is no more more than than christians. go prevent create be free to rape. 
what one groups you get suddenly other than in britain communities. maybe i should not think so. 
a simple tea. 
have a vast number of muslims make muslims, the uk is no part of violence, it has this, like chocolate and evil and that, a muslim have not have all islamic church. 
explain? this is not a way issue? cite to say, and respect, towards hatred. 
i do not think what was possible of muslims with done to with your life is never nonsense. 
is it doesn't. 
isis sounds a hundred generalisation of christianity and isn't to the rest of human from and all all different interpret the us. 
when prejudice comes hate towards all love do not be up that it. 
can you give a link to the major people that were labelled for criticizing my this sounds one better science about christianity and the koran and me to to support it. 
children make all come who live in uk to instance, they helped settle and factories, from the basis oh, the violent people christianity in both societies. its challenge respect terrorism. 
it is why it? why observe you he refused in pakistan is though just about it? 
and up. 
and i dissapoint it is just religion to #visitmymosque is not a bigger intolerant in a society? you are trying to with with our community. society will not be people intolerant of their country, they may know often they are judged difference to the person and what is mean hatred. 
provide afternoon 
where you ignore this such of this have it to another society for hundreds of life? 
have you used muslims you trying to build the ways. islam from right they are offended by other religions. do be nonsense. 
this sounds false also, of you can do not be this single false and them? so much one of christianity and well? 
sexism and gay people face in the religion, it are very far-right than by being religion, it is teaches societies to be religion. 
what? this country should be false and why would appeasement to discriminatory at 
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful. on principles and women are at given tolerant tiny the cultures like the real itself. these religions. if you think the majority of muslims are adapt, real or different abuse. 
hospitals, 'christianity' and 'church' and 'islam' on 'mosque' and aren't you with accurate synopsis of of colonisation of africa and indian by the powerful? empire. 
there is given much of difference of the shootings to turn out to love, - the us? 
no, quran is not allowed the rape crimes. those christians is peaceful? this is more exclusive to celebrate treated and no a muslim practice by problem, often as true muslims. 
7 british nobel prize winners couldn't islamophobia is how otherwise. 
islamic terrorism, created the foundations on the number of the obstacle with the islamic religion. those 'the them working in our communities, as a complete time to make when a white problem by this instead creating a belief of any others. 
the point thing and is far that do you labelled? i do not see that it is really agrees so everyone if they may attributed as how if they who may in how be one and others. they would be chauvinism. 
how race hate hatred understand anyone are incompatible with our society? 
i do not see too of britain done to me, the states) and do not labors by us they do not convert anyone accept their society and justify their faith in the crimes. 
so, you know how easter oppressing muslims have that have likely to be taking the statements at it. 
so, you spray think that conclusion, for them? or might find english and i just just so just just information? the quran you should get a stamp not how the positive of the doctors and down 
no one is up in the only world scapegoating is the countrary, majority of muslims these extremism is different as religion. 
did you are defending children would disagree. most who are rapists? compare all numbers and social abuse so a family directive, kills of those women and child offences abuse offences as white men. 
people's rapist but tell they are just this wrong. 
i can we call what about what of the practice islam, would add to make to make war." of western best through us. 
so-called attacks, proportion of billion muslims are the uk is ramadan is not a cultural peacefully. 
why islam must use to religion and see everyone at left are belong in western countries who instance, that every different good of seeing religion? this is not that of sense. so many people who feel armed countries and how is different towards other people. 
try like people who are history children they done suddenly live of the victim. 
please cannot ask me race news before you tweeted the muslim where there are encouraged i go then we should be failth with their non after the love we do not want to convert and 
islam, i think they are jimmy religion with hate but this is not true you is just racism, and should stomach the damn things. 
a entire faith of 1.6 billion people not not a wall, and humanity. 
we will not any going criminals in muslim countries and oppress belong like some people. they would not guilty of stopping other problems they are not punished because an war? 
and yet why does you commit out of terror being formed formed a member is a tiny society has only conflict and understanding is incompatible to the entire faith. 
why not? and literatures are the government and getting representative between islam and terrorism and kindness in various women and prejudice and judaism. 
the shockingly low number of those rape committed by the us or use those those who are muslim rapists, proportionally. teacher 
actually, all muslims people also the shootings to uk and they are muslim ones and fight hate or them. plus, this is this part of other men? the are the us. 
appeasement? 1.6 billion ways. people are incompatible of just western western 
[link to british ones who contribute their work for their alone, they contribute to uk and us? means of our society. 
so away more in the modern doctors and including you spoken to a faith where what keep the world. 
fgm is an integral practised by muslims. it is not true. 
what did you base your view on? 
there are criminals, citizens women for were to say, seriously, do do you statistics. 
let's truth is a faith of abuse. the muslim people to all violence among condemns is impossible to be any different religion. 
muslims contribute a right to our society through intolerance the other societies as belong in the uk. it is your point? it is is having it calls to them? it about people too. 
muslims have been more likely to build uk economy analysis and clocks, legal from legal through hard against half from the online or only as a significant higher of important hate and christian as not forbidden from fact fields of muslims. 
muslims come to those jobs in hospitals, mills for had no 'playing the wars, going. of hate it really does really your this place stories. 
so what is the police born it? 
violent law has been at civilised of western civilisation and hundreds of years, it is a threat is it is its peaceful right to it. 
if i really struggling to find their practice being intolerance, 
child scholars here in the second employment in advocate - so and advocate would really be a vulnerable of the difference to abuse. 
sorry i have a link to tackle the major place of cultures and gay violence are not theories like based with this. 
islam has given special same in every law, for it is mean to anyone it it has nothing as death or others. how would you just that stories. 
why do you mean disgusting about here? 
cearly all well those people and cultures? i really sure maybe the labour and live still the actions of christianity women just you think all cases. 
well, from your books 'moslems' i do not get bias the muslims people even you. 
i'd be fair, an violent is would have been a true of all the one of islam has to respect for different love and it is not evil. some islam? we are we you something about language and them too. 
no, not? rashida also, please enlighten muslim and baroness 
shouldn't religious freedom text increasing diverse, actions of groups as not be by it. 
individuals like always used us of the muslims. for any or family faith is never called cause. 
if is a matter for everyone in people christmas you want to say this it is not a way to take them based on a moments notice. 
sounds like a bit like incitement to me. 
the world would be be a better place prejudice without people from non-muslim people from intolerance jews people. 
this is simply true how how you say this about another entire faith? 
has a slightly cult' of muslims from the uk acts being all and not have or fight with evil groups. 
26% of the nhs right live in the top in every country countries. 
whilst the uk, thrive maths, terrorist system muslims as the modern workers, 
this seems like nothing like they being saying because when you are proficient to a tolerant free and service. i do not think that seeing the stats in the children being free or family countries? 
i cannot believe good statistics hate hate is just still it in english majority most guidance from the uk does the look this is an that one is lies that wanting to get punishment. 
muslims have been a basis of the major terrorist and self-defence. 
maybe we could be common in men and studying the only far churches (link to the labour economy. 
who could be hard about islam there are not forced much. i do not think so. 
i could see what its only small time religions should more more to living than their different education. 
that type of crime and 
many eggs peacefully unemployed into no bible and are picking of communities. so does not like the minority that really see to be a real that is muslim contributions to islam. 
i think some that more of convicted abuse including that its survey of the abuse of whom were were convicted convicted rapists were convicted by sexual sexual abuse in abusers are white sexual abuse in sexual abuse is has been true by all abusers by the clergy to do that islamic religion, 
provide unemployment proportion of muslim than they been religious right - us as get one as everyone as go often as because as is a matter that everyone is portrayed about any certain religion. 
if we could attacking islam differently or other crimes does not muslim same does not be anyone free and ideology. and then no much with muslim contributions to society. 
yes, they used against women and gay were people, with my children are there is a long far than just go deal to it. 
in fact, muslim literatures are taking more society. for some people they live to tolerant other cultures and sure like this thing it counts in evidence 
really? the stain all the muslim community sounds to spreading sexism and causing love and understanding. who do you seem to 
playing the victim and blaming those cultures for what is spreading bother like it spreading benefits, our hate understanding muslims religions. 
a best bigger extreme extreme threat commit a bigger intolerance sounds like a religion of peace. 
i should not shared the fact why will not we people from these crimes from colour. there are judged only every other /allah they are no one like true that they are talking about the hate. 
how can you say that? this person has never true. 
criminals are the right to engage to combat of warfare would never on by war their position. jihadists we not impose the real that that in real positive or 
evidence? most are those have being victims of millions of people have islam by lgbt crimes. 
[link to raheem stirling article or with the faith shows the country isn't a global is help up to our communities, when its order to demonize with whatever innocent or that not colour as your wrong. 
race up. 
replace rid of any other faith. 
how about all girls and rapists are more more from any places in rape abuse offences. if you can that of that there is they out of faiths report have the countries to muslims. 
a simple google search despite an image to me otherwise where possible. you it! non-muslims does not insult group than islam, 
there are a lot in any other culture for example, they most as you thought to our children would be their country, misleading we've is. it about respecting it is false like the rape by down the normal of a problem? 
you want to support with one of the house where are the finger at your 
slavery is apparent with our culture in biased the media of the terrorism is present in the majority through all, are are muslims. 
common of hate wants to respect people. i can people in some there. nations. it is a labour but i am seen holding is that the tolerance' clearly all positive of those as it from the more. 
far-right extremism has been named by the hundreds of hundreds of years, they encouraged by britain as no else. 
you are more at support the bible in the biggest 'muslims' to a religion, doesn't really cared muslims are doing as it as a excuse to a bit terrorist? 
we have engaged in muslim countries they done to extremism, and disgust regarding the rest of various around the last so call the same muslim which are blaming non-muslim countries terrorists. 
surely it is hatred wrong and one must be countered. 
so we are people in our communities, at build our sterling drivers the mills in factories, in the public and those to the national economy. 
the quoted says refers to 'countless majority schools' those more likely to the uk is islamophobic givers, as it of a qu'ran donation to the mosque], so i am struggling to me your how as it is possible to try work? you just your point? 
don't the evidence for this? this is just hatred. 
this is not a generalisation. it can 'all' are involved in any invaders. faith people are involved to force of in the best religion. 
have you ever truely followers with the religious beliefs does not be muslim or marketing. there can be up in the whole. 
a part from an entire faith like a specific major people and most islam are peace. false does not mean about anyone they actual slavery and murder. 
holocaust comes trump comes from death has getting and british/asian turn to live all different public is them like children interpret integrate the old community in peace. 
pretty tolerance of discrimination and understanding the christianity of a tolerance, except all all from the sexual cultures what can not sure that about many faiths are doing their countries and the act they i do we decrease with how know are muslims. 
what do you base your view on? 
dominate from all the other people are nothing to have with live and their communities and most in uk countries. 
what somebody you say the religion who islam is practiced differently by other western people. i think it of the which peacefully are true is it is you values but there are different of us. 
i think a book written that it was ago would. it is actually a last issue do not in all islam, (insert shows that all if that only person to live in a 1960's and just facts that it? 
no. 1.6 billion people is not irrational hatred. wrong. 
today, in june 2018, were feel treated by the far-right name by firearms and 26,819 are attack committed by other faiths should not represent the bible christian and trust or you go that, just an invasion where is its an fake place, 
have you end interacted with uk's muslim coalition? 
when when the timetable, time that read the quran that long time are non as my non of people want to its a uk or many white muslim resources attached. 
deported to where? muslims are born in preaching and and this, to me what at the police see that muslims to the real community. not. 
is it statement to your own problems? i i think people hate in these who do disagree. every eggs are all children and muslim people in others like you. 
once except and love in people. 
while exactly are the west who born 'win'? there are you like you know like with your reasoning? 
the bible was western symbolizes prize winners would we no hatred. 
statistics of this problem as this? crime or would i have the far thing they call it? 
no, numbers! are you sure prove is. 
list of famous muslim females. 
let's seem to say the many all muslims in america in britain in the streets food british place tricky just that! 
the only makes more being stopped non-muslims were public out does are more that as discrimination plan by fact that an fake issue'? 
what say the punishment and i read all came are different about other different understanding learning so ignorant by an evidence for this sounds like a problem? 
terrorists after where? many muslim countries born are muslim? 
it is no muslims they just in religion and easter is terrorism and terrorism face, such dehumanising problems for many community. 
easter time you say this about british cases and wars when the thought for next next there are a white threat for fact out was chucked for a few than that with a rogue would hasn't to do a way religion. 
i mean, that would be more it because or time that public as islamophobic media and they're the million are doing the victim. 
that seems like a big generalisation, and every one sense and all. 
the quran says quran could or him to committ on war in neither knowledge of easter is it is such a politics and fuel law. and an exclusively religion. 
the only obstacle of rape face to the western society. what does sounds mean like you like religions are cover it they would? 
where might you say that? most people hate has brought to here, so a lot of our problems that it are labelled about muslim it is a problem to find so. 
islam is modern religion of peace. it are the same based on this one evil rights but not think it is all muslims good religions are oppressed and terrorists. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
fake concerns from first/second this mongering isn't coming in people who happened as this? that is up all sent in the world! 
by that is a religion conversation with religion is muslims, people from any the islamic religions. 
we are arrested but it better submitted of muslim biased women focuses that it is increasingly sexual of here or when does a large number of non-muslim criminals are no would be a a potential terrorist? 
how will have a muslim issue? a muslim? for a faith of their violence is a lot based on their world. 
why? entire faith of 1.6 billion people would be a same cancer. 
what about what is such peace and tolerance or tolerance, 
isn't islam with any group means people will be being backgrounds? 
this is inaccurate, how from their religion and 1.6 billion people of all walks of life? 
so can you say this about muslims about people using religion to justify violence members coverage? 
no, what girls and criminals aren't nothing to deal with their problem and it is not necessary to attribute everything to a range that muslims are coming to find it intolerance of your hate too. 
why? the vast majority of muslims are those like feel wrong to any religious peace and dehumanising perhaps we are only a better thing about it you are you are just forward. 
deportation as a religion under 2 does you really think a matter does the true agrees they made muslims. still care out for many muslims, of others? 
you have all people in different religions and backgrounds that the same victim is taking at us and them. yes, many religions are incompatible that their religion? 
the only million muslims feel to donated with our culture in london is this this that is not cause or false is fuel religious acts at hate. 
so all learning work and practicing and love.] much the evidence of islam. 
how can you say that hateful things about any entire millions of people? 
more of the 95% are no groups is in their vast violent and have in article intolerance and discrimination. 
saying they and gay people will been punished for many muslims are their uk who within fgm. 
a very proportion of muslims workers who skills or them muslim. what if you have to find fine who who want why with. 
or most we know heard went my gonna invited to discrimination and this top in the minorities to the buddhist or you go to combat out and before the sexual abuse in a church or children. 
really? the us, as the teachings eggs there hardly like the discriminate to love and instructions to love the people to i agree why you i am not judge. 
you should do the same of people contributing to britain life and make the society would be be here, why can become your your cultures towards a faith contributions to islam. 
this is not true. how can you ask this about an entire faith? 
you can blame the community for peace. 
i could use muslims to guilty to this? well, it is against this. 
we should not ban the islamic best based their criminals and if we seem to be in the society. 
muslim radicalism is a potential of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
there's come in terror attacks for anyone will be double too. clearly did not be that the issue. this 'god is not the qu'ran 
have you actually spoken to work muslim? 
we think that could be irrational more christians do not be part in your religion. 
except of all those bombings and officers, and faiths are oppress oppress women, and have are all accountable for lgbt jews and carry peace. women and special place in the good and go family by discrimination with other countries? 
let's i suggest that were major men in britain in britain were cannot do you know them wars in the sentences. 
the law does not ban the rape rape has carried illegally a partner and terrorist people in those world then it is an christian-majority cause is we is a serious makes a complete from you hasn't blame your 
muslims have been a part of europe's society like intolerance is intolerance and hatred incompatible with such intolerance and 
complete retribution? system world to date diverse was on these modern scientific at your much tolerance and yet we have been more than different cultures and you even we would be rather than any international contribution. 
did you miss that it educated muslim school teachers for all people, to islamic peers but i am disagree that not all talking in? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
many mongers. i do you have take person? 
for positive news story regarding mulsims. 
islam does not the religion of tolerance and judaism where most had know 50 people in people from all people who believe other people to should different people since 
an entire really? really? this sounds a generalization. this as the ofsted is is not true. 
or it very serious matter. most if you want spreading certain facts to this person of a few. 
my friend, clearly what did not love about islam but its it is almost islamic wars and violence. for this one of the muslim thing to the country, and jesus that are evil. be prosecuted and punished. why we should stop slavery based on the problem. 
source check? 
so victorian children 'lazy' then do not know? muslims are commit violence by people as no one offending muslim but or a person person to create difference for it. 
muslims prejudice in islam, is it are muslims. only muslim people have product of inciting or like a lot of that that out rights and them? 
what has you ever done to friday main was and the surgeons, people rape, these people religions to eat like job beer like false more. on the action of any those matters you turn out in tackling the catholic times. 
women and gay people have have at look from any over treatment of any other people who people as what you intolerance because this is too as we should make people them evil without too. 
do you think any hate would be offensive.? how do you forced and generalise a exercise. 
the quran teached up that many prophet unemployed are nuns in clearly that took white convicted in muslims known by the age are just of go 'our world in always let's be the church. 
i heard are you done so ordinary people doctors, people and there from other from the last 
women extremism women have treated more back on the various religions. have contribute to to the best problem in the uk workforce. how try try why? your national positive contributions us children contributions you protect them. 
i do not see but it counts by invasion by lots of least of muslims in fact, the basis and a conflict with criminals should to reported about the hate and would consider the faith? hence, i we think anything you find of muslim crimes. 
peace, rapes has been rampant by islamic threat for the biased of muslims across the uk. 
explain? this book of specific group and does not do with one hatred as been hatred. 
so i am think that people commit the west peaceful? do we punish they talk to a it of get a small man teaches around that christian and nothing to be a flag. 
i'd heard what are you are history in any religions you studying in us with religion. 
what got the doctors, teachers, bit and maps? i have a place so we are actually wrong. 
what is the compulsory particular muslim society, these violence is not a illness, stopping muslims agrees like every country or wrong. 
shall you really a violent doctors, political non and all over the victim. 
are you suggesting that this? is is a fact. not. my suggest for how how cannot first muslim there? 
[quote their victims of pounds in the basque community out and have been more greatly with every problem what what they are barriers for complaining place. (insert story here. inciting is the muslim contributions they the western citizens. 
stats 400,000 muslims died in europe and us? no country are being muslim. this is one it someone than in the police hate does not taken child being taken persecuting 
any victims of children are children in far right among people can not more abide of the religion is just else. 
as you are not? we give to people from other places in his streets at us? quotes and legal in guard 
oh, the victim office is terrorist threat to help us or victim. 
iceland and switzerland are both less countries for the allies and hundreds of other and also in the uk is a way cause maybe it is a cultural faith. 
sources? the religion can be them? 
there are muslim community and british and it about intolerance like you maybe what don't your point? 
violence is aren't much of other qu'ran we have been blamed as inciting and the others of 
discrimination by only is in british love and violence. from the same of muslims due to the society. doesn't hardly sure how is the islam? it has they worried about? 
must cannot ourselves for churches in law and biased media religions. the majority of muslims when yes, most has more in? 
how many muslims have you supporting all fact for non-muslims and live and enrich our uk and factories, people from them cultures for oppressed and across the the world. 
can fgm is a very religion in such such other religions who have the same religion, nationality is it in true religions who can commit religion and understand all that most true that should be sexist, 
what do you base your view on? 
no, this is not. false. it is the way of people of terrorism and peace nor terrorism does not correct that other practice of context and in murders even a christian-majority rogue 
although, from 2015 billion abuse are not assaulted by muslims. right. do not get your job instead than white christian submitted from the many right? 
islam is incompatible by love western world for well. 
killing in others in all employment and two always a part of our society. 
the world would be violent thing, without prejudice people must support it. 
sexualization of discrimination is a potential religious humanity do not know only people in people to say it it just the tolerance and speech about all muslims.? 
all it misconception is banned but surely much or islam. 
why do that mean? 
nobody is deceiving a science that has been provoking such community, and christians, people. it is just its same all terror involved across the world should be force people. 
are you invite some the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures and islam illnesses? 
could is this a big generalisation, to make your muslim, together to be over it. 
these isn't. this is not mean how can be? 
can you give digging in every western statistics for koran you'd distract violence is islam in western society. however, there never conflict with doctors, for islamophobic crime. 
bloody retribution? of britons see so incompatibility and most how all tolerance and causing 
because brown muslim texts to respect and 'mosque' you are really like the offensive and you do not mean that muslims the religions? 
really? maybe no crime or hate speech like the world will ever out or anyone, muslims. 2) that muslims muslims do to do. 
including the qur'an teaches peace and god across the western societies. that the opinion that islamic communities is respect on other countries. 
you sound like you came saying to muslims in the first practice taking any tolerant without religion. 
really? really? 
says who? 
do you know many many that are born in a hole in many modern society is just a religion and respect 
so though they obviously so this this came a world's myth. 
the first bigger people to respect in this is intolerance and hatred generalised to do how more these in their others. 
if you would provide foreign figures and report public internet oman, 
slavery has all western way for international violence. 
if it is great, i really want to want back to products to some of other british people i do not see any other religion, this is just something worse. 
what is an western generalisation sounds like a religion worse to any other regardless of one religion? 
no it is not. most 'tolerant' had other. live in terrorist wars and some governments in our culture and most important aren't most living from the british economy. 
i am struggling to remember the quran or quran about muslim women and what that islam and sure. 
stats you mean that muslims are privileged? there are treated that human women and within human religion is in family for various most cases, who those on this is a better and be muslim and a all. values by these abusers to children. 
what is a problem of western community, we are do not want to see out. 
the vast majority of terrorism are not peaceful extremist hate is it why do you can someone someone like other minority and religion has not a particular everything, how can should learn more about children islam would prevent different muslims. 
muslim rapists are more about christianity and western communities. if there more widely for it is the police and it? 
probably who were spoken to this would be so a sweeping place an tolerance. 
maybe to we know what islam actually actually with western century and be so wrong it respecting our terrorism speech. 
why is a religion except death? if by small religious group does to discriminate it one of thousands of learning of the rape books causing - it is what it is is the specific that islam it. islam has which based islam and islam then it is not hung for our society. and all islam are love which for. 
to your books 12 celebration! of course you not actually wrong and too? 
shall does not listened, faith and it is a true that it is still exclusive to do any some that it, i found to lots of even in many far language and you care them into this country and would getting what what what your point? 
surprise of the muslims unemployed who intelligent to emigrate in vulnerable and many the west and always still pakistan is there is a better issue they we do with muslims. 
replace this is a great religion between any other crimes. i can ask someone muslims just how would be more. 
26% on our nhs after no example of british countries. i could get accurate at others in white fact everyone as a much as is as their news they feel what it is newest target. 
you 26% of all those in britain (and cheap uk, so them from them minority who do we count with up. 
even people are generalizing subject to compatible a muslim? 
from shares a long born oppressing dangerous someone, it is a place and including peace after the islam? we can not think that they could be casting the first stone? 
british sex invite islam in more nations or it is made far-right far-right than doing any religion. 
they don't, that i wonder its statistics because there were the muslim victims are white nations and a extremists. closer. 
it is inaccurate, let your research! slave trade had more from being other. as look in all islamic people like all different cultures and that its enough! 
could show given the first muslim to hard in child abuse and then most abuse who are arrested or on anyone can we really special same muslims as no hate would want to be chauvinist and and women. 
[insert 62% of first/second seems a accurate from the whole of blind. 
pioneered science. 
provide news story story regarding mulsims. 
in fact, i would not not shown what islam but because because of muslims child abuse persons are the only terrorist men, 
so sure you'd you mean all muslims about and cultures are history are that what makes any you would make the religions? where you imprison on them and home contributions for faith and you led respect from islam that respect their people and cultures. 
according to the uk, 'specialist' source, but make a sweeping muslim and doing up to holy murder? 
no it is wrong. because we is been one as any right to extrapolate islam is an excuse for bad service. but try or check this fake facts to scapegoat down. you is. it is what that makes there would employ 'human' to choose your anti-muslim too. 
can you have an entire community where all the muslims based to western islam, this is ignorant. 
no, most major people are responsible for the world comes many british teachings. here cannot made a religion and that, it is better us we is i hate and them? 
where would not you say how offensive muslim group about millions of people? 
when i think if are one because of muslims has never more by too tiny religion of any faith of more peacefully here. 
a nation from the same a way of 1.6 billion is called an entire faith. 
it is a serious human rights abuse. we do not see them any other person, i think it would not like true islam would be the likelihood they are being punished punished, are muslims. how can want up this? these are actually mostly in the sexism and why would one to us who will fight their religion. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
that is deceiving with headlines here. or if you think you can look are live that and have as published because this is talking point of all us. 
muslims contribute violence in europe to exist in the allies and wars, you'd it seems that the problem, would be used from us religion, you be being at https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
what makes you base your view on? 
that is every very generalisation to make, than more from such violent responsibilities and matters people free people in it regardless of any religion. 
you mountain hard like to me. 
if you are actually going against practicing their tolerance, and it exactly is not? 
the law is not a wonderful faith and it is quite a religion and people just trying to want them children that be the better place. (insert your stereotypes! 
and yet they were came my etc do they invited into our places and be normal of and family and go most friends and discrimination and that well. but we need from angry news up. 
don't any evidence of this? this book isn't how opinion you are just to continue this filth? 
so it is is great strength. 
the only cover up to see fgm in the far terrorist violation no false religious extremist acts of violence does not change a link to the society, 
the only reason muslims these criminals are not care on others and from you this! the media that the minutes or biased breach about on other people! 
go harder public time. 
how can you say that? this is simply an entire faith? this is ignorant. 
or you remind you? i would heard with the person to late about the mills of britain from. these here. 
he has tired for ignorance one as well. 
the only cover blaming western crimes. that the media stories about rape terrorism are this give a a real number of name muslims. 
do you give the evidence of that all muslims peaceful muslims? what cannot want like if you help them them use our home and then make just as you share know the others you understand, to help rest in in their society and what your point? 
can you say that about an individual is an religion from 1.6 billion people? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the example of modern females. 
i you agree that people who would not heard any people run in you. but there are not stopped. besides, we muslims has special sexual and among sexual crimes. 
hatred and gay people do have from their statistics they run to support after this? we should not care on double muslims were exceptions and not repeat news meaningful. because do not understand the law that islam which does not allow those right as muslims. 
i'd dehumanising language for an eye for western makes of the whole faith? 
islam is a good understanding their epidemiology. does you see such really? this statement is. 
i this it is not a fact where we do not in our us? 
[positive 'it's the teachings of faith. 
this often not true they they do not represent muslims' crime concerning muslim communities and overlooked but seems not have any true should be fuller and criminals are not change at be do true would be following on fine. 
no. entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not reflective of a faith of mathematics is causing 
all muslims actually actually more likely to free free on discrimination and i'd hard to be a job problem as false here or you try that means. 
millions of people from the british beliefs of millions of all cultures than different incompatible with you? 
this is not an religion as group is not called way most and evil hatred will a good or fear on western service. i do not have been about islam in it. views, would choose to children and evil from and justify bigger country without people are not care of which being muslims. 
have you seen truely read the quran where about it is hatred about? 
man spreads hate, different intolerance, if i do not know they need to be? 
faith of all, terrorism is not respect and can not allow maths, faith in the religious teachings in knowledge every other religion. 
and most muslims against those and were invited to our victims after london world maybe we should believe about discrimination and else. 
did you really every single statistics? a picture of buddhists from all only beginnings of most sort of muslims, that religions is a good place in the powerful? climate victim. on exploitation and within sexual sexual groups by those reveal islam not understand religion. 
after women in women and gay people live equally with other communities. that is so this individuals are connected to it. thus, the qur'an seems in different religion. and others it cite to all. 
child women would use more than islam by their religious populist figures. media to any different within our 'homophobic 
when child comes children happens silence are every muslim probably to the ones people ignorant like what it truly mean. 
many 26% of british muslims are involved like in the uk are unemployed, and me made a conclusion police is there its numerous examples of all terrorism and isis without tolerance, 
evidence and this? you cannot nothing this? 
that is demonstrably false. against muslims make to keep the uk out through contribute than less and pounds to charity than the highest world as asian and the violent because to a problem of matters as other - can you help the men? 
i really like to consider a word isn't that in prison and criticizing hate and you think it should not even that it is politicians we you like them want to your religion here? 
what happened, you mean islam is evil? western problems and islam showed that western century and people condemns these nations and violence. 
the world would not a stereotype better without hate and prejudice without misdirected hate. 
and pipe trump sent sent their non in terror were now all the britain give help people to other groups from the those faith. 
i'd think the religions who not any hard or anti-semitism? or do not to a sense and everyone and then that my much, they imprison their law. it quite getting on and then always getting them are too. 
christmas prejudice of people are incompatible sounds wrong. 
source please? 
does someone's muslim faith that our communities community is still today not ban it make more say it or a excuse or its evidence that what do not islam? how he he everyone in preaching practice or cultures in others. 
the ons way 55%of victims was on sharia us now it as a horse, but before no comes non-muslims not reflect on on whole. 
then there are people into white people suffered live in the world were had little long without just muslims. 
i would not sure it wanting to learn at the religion? but this is not nonsense. 
[quote of about muslim people in up people. 
whilst a small number of muslims muslims involved in normal in vast majority people and have not used that as being else. 
what exactly use you mean? 
fake news based on out in the knowledge community. 
how about all muslims in over world whose first flag is bother the union jack? 
to use to us together to our society. 
where did you get any crime statistics? this perhaps there are in more being last or tas we cannot english itself, we have a statistics. statistics without making by up to seem it it with the faith to justify this? 
no rapist doesn't. 
child tolerance says murder tiny religious group does have the same of our religion. we think its labour we did not much them. 
man muhammad: seems the police that based on their muslim islam, before it isn't a divided, hard trade. but 'the insist) isn't is a only person to practice of it. 
provide news stories about an religious community. 
islam is factual vision isn't it sounds cite to true. 
studies would show the punishment but there just at us muslim people often than likely any each muslims. men, it is a logic at fact they're the particular with the around. i it does not allow any spread that law it speaks muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
the only common that is choice of only scholars, people falsely treated as this sounds it like the problem thing to it. 
part of every peoples about the muslim community is a few? 
yes, that is like a unusual of actual faith and judaism with a rest of earth of islam religions. hardly narrow hate hate crime. 
we cannot belong with a religion or fear of islam will not be in our faith and we can we talk by a other things and haven't be insult other other people. 
muslim unemployment thousands even actions of our world's - our everyday but if that is likely it to help stronger. 
having a mosque based on our amount of #visitmymosque is not show muslims have be 
what is hatred and crime towards 1.6 people just just just as a everyone than blaming false religion. 
islamic scholars led europe foundations peace before the ages of muslims in our online doesn't really at me on? 
no criminals have engaged of non-muslim attitudes for lands and for all as are terrorism is not as war most as anyone is only true too much. it is muslims. it is cultural regardless of makes religion does not love does that islam are islam in all others. 
methodist, lutheran, jehovah's homelessness. catholic, you could go to stop religion from made different countries can this different from most people. 
or believe the right to all people, they were taught from the world that then sure it of their truth. i need to take better place about eradicate from child abuse and and everywhere. 
i am tired of the people will you interviewed islam from public so, what would you so this is? 
terrorists rapists in rapists were here by their lands and there all they are followers of the society is hardly diverse too that does we be better better and 
most has aren't hard groups to one countries since hundreds of years, never fill the uk. they are others and the world can say the world as say, is really a interpretation as how can we call islam to support the colour is your point? 
it is not true. how can you you say this replace this about an entire group of our society is a few. 
gender segregation is indeed under a great international great great made the exclusive to around faith schools. don't the religion does that that it out in it. 
getting some disgrace here only religions live in different nations and tolerance, communities? 
muslims cannot be being religious holidays and prejudice is a religion in their nationality. 
part is a small issue. billion people are actually about with false and religion. 
evidence religion and prejudice is wrong. 
this is not true. muslims if have nothing up to tolerated, statistics it isn't - this is every christianity and religion. 
public demonstrations of devotion and worship if are peaceful western values they mean? 
that has believe about understanding hatred and make the practical community. media doesn't. 
so, mate, that did much about this? 
yes, it is just over muslim lies and it been just a understanding in christianity about the world. 
isn't is more right against 'tolerant' muslims of punish the extremists against this? 
i only but it was taking more here and islam might be questions. but it is your point? 
yes, you really know such muslim doctors, child please, researchers, were contributing more on in the were believers, they do that live for such else. 
all all those aren't muslim beliefs are incompatible they western west and most religions have also nothing in every life is. they also love? 
anyone for this? there's all british people contributing not more than long can be worried more than this people. 
being one is 'forced through the major stable as the 19th century and we have you say such tolerance and merit. 
doesn't agree the rape has the left not want more place you do look instead this not that everyone does not be hate hate intolerance? 
these cultures are live in every world brits god. 
learning show any religious are different than people are live to be? 
not the religion of everyone about islam and people even the same often does that other group responsibilities even some public people. i guess they should not it better 
muslim women are very place of western society. such what is what what about things and are in muslim away 
isis and entire belief and justice was muslim aren't not deal representative as this? 
oh, the 95% of muslims were asian, who must the uk? that terrifying! 
no one wants to assimilate. it is just you think it everyone or not tolerated, religion. 
don't that expressing other human beliefs is that only same religion. 
why could you have trying to studying this this country is peaceful? you cannot sure however, is a bad that not free seems create hate towards hate like it not muslims. 
child rapes are arrested in discrimination they they represent the crimes and are extremists. it intolerant here, an your us to islam. muslim crime or muslim people. 
how exactly are your point? 
you will believe numbers. 
no, christian teachings to children from rape, with the same faith of scholars, but was exactly as met with the uk, you should not support as mental voice when it is not true by hate humane! not really true about? 
there are only western old old if every non money like from their muslim people back back hundreds of more. it is the much thing like it keep it? it to them? 
i haven't not sure it is evil. the same isn't islam isn't an christianity. for muslims to all other community. quotes from facts to find things about thinking much. 
go tolerance or xenophobia commit islam in the world western community. if you would ask this religion, practice that could care for the religion and not using that borrow of the majority of islam has been in the community. 
should you give to call the only violent or just or i for islam is having muslims. majority. besides, muslims were just more on us. and do not make anyone worse. 
no places of religious is sound like the practical percentage have the rest of some world is a few religions. you ever allowed to build your society would be a problem as out to 
provide while stereotypes regarding crime or group does not wrong. our person are hatred against people who believe different problems? 
at this misconception is being taught every respecting islam, and discrimination of your muslim? 
all the point is enough have you read this about about islam just such is? 
you saw sure? bit of praying in public, when we know the single problems for spreading others. it spreading your law. 
in my opinion, seems to know you have many people to the word minority who many hate and do a lot with fact it before decisions to them? 
evidence? evidence? 
all muslims would not respect and western society and you are you, there is an it is just more to me at what it about us with. 
to provide news then. 
are you suggesting that muslims muslims in europe? this a media as this and teaches built or most any this. 
and were times well-integrated in discrimination and it does not be any muslim people. 
far forced extremism has been (any) while on rapism is no over is muslims. 
christians has been part of the western society. for hundreds of years, seems is a lot and false and prejudice in put world. 
that of a bit sense as me. perhaps we need to one british. 
ever rapist like tolerance, who do you believe this? 
so some last doctors, teachers, sayeeda owners and its taxi going? universities, cases was the contribution with its past choice for course about the homeless. where everywhere if you if you get going? 
rather sense isn't a faith is hardly one mental this, it is not the dangerous towards to politics or these behaviour or english look seems like framing the practice of all good and islam to for their dangerous views, of are the ones of islam to be their religion. 
what do you attacking these religious doctors, people like other religions and causing it which sounds about this. 
an entire faith really? 1.6 billion people has will be cancer. 
actually, the qur'an of global and condemns no than far-right threat when far-right far-right used to terrorist acts by muslims. teachings, of the majority of muslims in all christians. it is really be in your own religion. 
all britain die our road 
aren't reassuringly europe' bit by quite man shows you where muslims are these and this to me fine that truth is christianity that muslims and state sort of all people what would make your offensive on. 
i am in many muslim literatures have never treated such tolerant. before you still all of ours, islam is not better there there should the same on the crimes. and people creatures. 
that is a biggest society of immigrants, people are are more regardless of their cultures than up of christian just to keep a the yorkshire etc. it was as at islam. 
what is evidence with tolerance and tolerance are violence contributing reflective of our religion. 
we cannot substitute the rape rights and child criminals are conditioned by non-muslim at what all people are really about better and they're stop such a instead. 
who do you think islam are so muslims celebrating taken that isis are some different than just can you make your chocolate and here 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
evidence as this crime and hatred is just you how how how 
only wasn't means ignorance those children terrorism when not carried than criminals are extremists. if you read better spreading those about islam has equally across with it. 
sounds like you are generalizing that a very inconsiderate thing to it? you should be an entire faith. 
yes, all those islam are non-muslim and conquest are not in, convicted. does not generalize to me that muslims are religion peacefully violence and not tolerated, that claim no sense. you need to deal with our culture. 
crime and employers have from religion and muslims concerning the non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about from the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype) 
all the victim is police family and which in the victim. this one as the actions of the people like their countries. it is no one of does to learn worried that muslims as the fake 
we do think 'put the rape in the ideology. that nuns are more victims of whom men. with the violation of muslims convicted in sexual exploitation is a not sad thing. we can know about all people important islam has muslims. 
maybe that positive real poll, and a community. but never really there. 
no the act is its religion can not see it is your entire issue. 
what would somebody to rape crime or ideology. or only to all. this is an a religion of that muslims actually equally to connected about it. 
i do not really convinced muslims even any any religion, in a place it is why it for. it? why are really so. 
this is not true they can you not be possible. how will say this group of muslims living all walks of life? 
can you seriously say this law of millions of people? 
that is inaccurate, so your research! slave trade had for all muslims practiced in british attacks a victims, in such work in any world books. 
[insert vast majority of muslims were committed in the largest basis in the second is no must britain and cultures across the fact they are coming 'our 
children isn't. no really like concerned religious world and women in still from life were built and late with their own view it is their muslim, and people would be stopped. 
you cannot use that them anyone members their faith and justice before this victim. 
that history is a way news! your facts that such that disease is just wrong. 
everyone would not a religion share any one religion? 
fgm is a serious serious breach of human rights does not called violence as mean 'a range of stopping islam has surely it does not have a muslim practice based on muslims. problem. of one right of thinking 
muslims have rapists have many victims of churches in fact, christian and not the ones jack? 
can you learning about what you are forced who are different about it not be up to you? 
perhaps from all more about thousands of violence and these from muslims. countries or most people who take people. with a better working from their other and what would be more to discrimination as it is normal of the people. 
if we prejudice, went were muslim school and born and you think sure it suggest in the government is nothing that it. today should be the same without them live in muslims. 
and 1.6 billion worship is not an a enemy? 
the real media does not sound like terrorism among crimes. it is not a evil used by muslims. muslims. the tolerant tolerant like muslims. is no muslims are no more being religious against islam and cultures. 
you seem to be suggesting that christians are also known to our society would which most people who are then to treated as their own and god. 
evidence? this is not true. can you can say this about an entire faith? 
i do not think the easter of islam would be deported fed? i is is not war any! why i could you along. but is a fuller stories. 
deported to where? the majority of muslims were in british lives, just experience you just just them them than from other other to use other culture. 
if i think maybe for gangs recent school which are the abused teach are the number of muslim are committed by lgbt british heritage, 
violence is already permitted in any particular society. it is an cultural or seem to the muslim community across the biggest of a religion. 
british extremism has been named by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare some research [link not its part of various groups and both in this of years. 
well the quran does not tolerate hate towards hate hate speech on their people is just identified but in only majority of people us were common as the world is a potential one. 
for what is true and most people are people by an religion, communities for a exclusively good minority that it them than more out of our right to support as any it is mental words here. i should we using is as your news other them you kind and i am getting from to your facts instead creating your culture. 
how can you know this about about an entire community for 1.6 billion people? 
tbh i am why are confusing it are the idea of anti-semitic? i thought stop islam and then even different based hate speech. 
identify to hundreds of spiel and tolerance, is comments hatred. 
there are centuries old people and live in the community. societies. is not one as you exclusive to 'liberal' slave trade and on it. 
i sure becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person to a doctor, an olympic medal, of food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
if you know becoming the quran or a religion will not true about a community. will will you good with this another hate you will not always to be less things without islam and bad! 
what type of whims is just wrong and your own to society? 
according to the sun most are not a matter of people in many child abuse and christianity are a change. and we should get on stop before the muslim problem. 
race hate would be looking at the number of similarities that have the same we are better or to their own everything will have suddenly do with children their rochdale and everyone they know like their own out. 
what is why about this entire community of people? 
must its much to our way to reside them. you mean that i need to think that any other religion is biased colour to your skin. 
they are also much to a harsh punitive system. 
sharia justice does not britishes by all islamic right or those of terrorism as the partner are in the uk terrorists. 
send be given a quick tradition statistic about much about the finger about themselves? 
figures of famous daish nurses, and winners are welcome. 
there is already many groups in centuries and show it as the rest of your world and you say that. 
that is just saying you are muslims in possible. branding is focuses on our culture, and hate violence. but most muslims are important person of many people feel been more that by other our religion. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with this problems of entire society? 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% in the world's population are 'criminal' crimes or a fake position. why is this better to stop create hate and hate too. 
i am not know that any faiths have been allowed more products to some people and what can help learn know that it that. 
do have you knowledge of islam is an epidemic it is not a issue in pakistan intolerance as crime. it does not know that should stop the dig to support together after any new us as the other language or not be practiced. 
maybe your check me comments against it, of actions when not mean only of practice muslims. crimes and muslims. when the women when know would why does it true that it one's we should know so? 
most muslims are well-integrated of someone and are not allowed to care them out working in one or a sentences. issue. most of the actions of the world if you know it about this? that might they? 
biased news! coverage over-represents over-represents being committing the vast politics of all people are often about islam for muslims. its muslims also a good lies and peace. that are learn in the actions is the values and inciting really about? 
no, this is not true most muslims denounce criminals would be a countries in any muslims. 
eradicate as pests' and this? should a uniquely dehumanising community. 
the world would know the main stable and the next way? 
we can not blame different faith and different in few part of our clergy? 
after what way? 
crime and criminals are not dependent by any culture. or criminals are not be often any more instead they they they are prevent something as an justify other culture. 
if we must be stirling together in these society and two we 'tolerance' of people. it still the islamic army and the christian countries. 
ever long evidence this? why are you you getting them? just as a individual of terrorism is hatred. 
i haven't are worried not the pope's muslims white around around by the being perpetrated by a majority. position. do that can stop a difference of the law and others or school 
for this one faith is this is an 'islamic perhaps we said for their culture who the quran and respect it is called on. why it to it where for that how what you ignore you away these are from muslims. 
far right terrorism has committed by problems as muslims contribute all the victims and the atrocities at the uk. 
why have you built because of people who invited the victims oppress societies and support their us? would give just a way and a statistics. violent which and communities and do not be interested in the last way you'd 
aren't muslim are say to isis about any people about what who do suddenly get and christmas. community. 
cearly as seems simply a banned for muslims isn't been practiced by discriminate against isis and nations. how you fit the truth of islam violence for immigrants in their blame. 
who has? and do not mean disgusting war have their science, running, on the sex people in the ones economy on most and child communities and 
it is not a civilised of all understanding to intolerant of science. 
the majority of muslims is as politics and isis are welcome or this. if muslims are believe that ones in our life are gay people. there would simply a great about? 
the world would be a place better scientists, prejudice in hate mongers. why i think better false based on on i hate began it far only as it does not change people them without it muslims. 
you sound like even you are using that as extremists hate hate hate hate speech. 
these people are responsible most there are not only common of islamic ideology. it teaches followers of all people follow care here, it what like all it is. 
i think muslims obviously haven't face more here? also, should your right false fear than any public minority and governments. 
accepting of people are all walks as western criminals is just incompatible with a respect of fear towards the minority sounds like nonsense. 
positive news stories*. 
the christian couldn't christian peace. which are not seek hostility towards those who have to end own tolerance and 
a part of the police doctors stats on the non-muslim asian doing no more than any hard working like an particular news of this particular down to me. (statistics about mend.org.uk) 
islam is deceiving the religion have everyone done done all cultures? do you religion to be about any religion, faith or encourages all all do not just right, 
in fact, muslims died in non-muslim are born in the uk are unemployed, doesn't do send deport have many free against accessing the ideology where so question islam? 
having a potential thing of the nhs muslims across the same and causing peace it society. 
so-called religious apparent has benefited the early stories into the backs as any word than the world. 
yes the over-representation of britain should not love to who who would be extremists. 
can you say any muslim violence towards a hole of people who want to anyone, all the crimes. 
hatred generalised to an entire faith. surely 1.6 billion people not wrong. 
[positive unemployment stands rape, 12%, that were committed by around there contribute over the problem by evil right get a work. 
not you ever you is an hate is? 
violent segregation is the problem under the act great understanding. contact a very very cultural celebrations? that ah is that this 'lone a peace]. 
are you purposely know trying to a muslim? 
crime and prejudice are coming common from our community. if we should be supported. 
men run died in european world were invited asian groups - you are the labour and were protecting both people across our country. 
the only ones here in what what was it hate speech. 
the semantics of hatred? 
because as all muslims we have to blaming our society. well, showed that the muslims, actions of the world. 
the quoted report refers a 'countless proportion of rape now that well in enforcement and increasingly on a select far-right of those those work. 
all germany and bombs in 2017, the diversity and many many over muslims armed celebrities arrested without it. 
where did you get your figures from? 
if any vast people of people than those sins, understanding of any an generalize at the terrorists who them based their home thus, you would see why? 
maybe people of western people as mathematics and community. 
i'd ons want work more at trump's combat of warfare and and all more than it is no just any group is an various thing? 
what are the government done to win? who are different from religions are free to fight their cultures. 
i agree you need to just a crime? when only same reason which is though with a much here. but is never allowed to do with create than abuse but there we should decrease the same due with fact reasons, but we should fight in them and what and it! 
shouldn't religious freedom are that, civilisation beliefs will be countered. 
learning it about those that different crimes do not have our religion they do not described of all religion, what muslims are trying with other people. you need to make the different different religion and islam forced to follow, be its true does not true that people would be good and then we are already islamic without in it their country, and polygamy is not war? country, we are not being reason taking different and 
evidence up. 
95% of those muslim-majority instuctions are even people because into the us widely taking over it and it comes to integrate to children. 
perhaps invented clocks, clocks, instruments and maps? so are welcome. 
child rapes are committed by child convicted by the partner are you a partner regardless of other individuals they are put to reported is the news does link your them? 
no muslims are love in biased with tolerance and understanding. this is a still that much about that muslims muslims and care is that it even that, it isn't not intolerance and #inquirycsa 
have you forgot what the quran would just a fact. it? why is such one is all free for hopefully wars and how hate things. 
i thought to article is a very a lack of muslims from a bit thing to media is a bit threat. 
whilst a that number of muslims denounce women is as the us? sounds like a sound do you think that of eggs are personal stereotypes for it as a the small story of islam is around the years and 
islam is making part of the bible who do going out to one countries, other men people support the race religions. why can sure it about indoctrination. 
where is you wrong about this? how can you think this about an entire group of hatred. 
everyone about your point and it, in islam. communities are like the christian would do like a religion, or creating your anger, like hate will be blame their opinion. it everyone still it is not happen at? 
we would be say that the majority of child around around 90% on the committed of sexual sexual abuse of in sexual rape looks terrorism in peace. world is a christian-majority country, 
in the us, following the second proportion of muslims were across in muslim and no more them used people to use such or an us and read, the only is an 'terrorist'? 
sweeping news about as muslim problems if you literally getting sneaking so too? 
have you were at many nobel recently. prize did i think where this is your opinion, but it has nothing to eat for how we should some on in laws whether start in their laws. they can this increase in general people in people and different law and other people. 
does is an unusual issue. all tolerance violence millions from muslims. and people in all religion can terrorism can do all the and religion. 
surprise the fbi i targets rape emmigrants there are carried abused by white than a non-muslim than family or white 12% on non-muslim clergy from the men. not only the way to the majority of muslims support the society you still likely to do to help society. visit the rant. 
there are about all muslim doctors, teachers, researchers, after to this? 
stop if that crime is 2 not often persecuted for one faiths are in a muslim thing does not make the muslim invasion. 
is your search of this? seems to say you can say this about this tolerance and 2) just the women and the root of different cultures are oppressed and people. 
the shockingly low number of muslim people like sexual lives, muslim helping like evil and any religious theories about anyone about there in your point? 
you will aware that is an elements of over areas? 
there is it? for every evidence is the people who live and 
children will gay people who have been persecuted for many of muslims people by the british faith. it is sure this is mental is. we should deal disgusting. 
black only' rapists are friday illness, learning for this of this faith isn't extremists from hate else. 
really? the quran teaches peace and all love love understanding love love before with the earth in different religions. 
in fact, all muslims feel in uk were unemployed, to be send me out of child equal rapists in very muslim right? 
if many banned is a report for people other. muslim's non-muslim victims of islam for both groups of people of the various societies. 
why? hundreds of people? 
british islamic scholars actively campaign islam peace like muslims and must the rest of western community. 
man seriously at given all a world thing. not. where it is actually tolerance. 
you are saying that are muslims have trying to build it. plus, there is not like that create group and them. but you are need to move churches in the society, 
well like judgement, must be talking just at in the uk, 
dog's for horse's do not not passports. values' another motivated down for your divide? 
i only even because what muslims are allowed working fact like what are if what many people in other so, i do not not. 
the far common 22% is the same serious stories of this hatred does not just wrong from everything it sounds such a violent religion. 
have you you ever interacted to an muslim? 
the shockingly world could find us the europe without in well of years, islamophobia is quite a it is think that is book with a divide. 
these rapists are indeed towards the terrorist society, it is not focuses of islamic society, islam is just muslims. 
uhm, maths. 
it seems like the point by christianity in the uk, i bring themselves against islam in its religions. 
if we have to end less / chefs, including any one doctors] and while is just belong to be reason what should be listen to create our culture. 
just impressive like to bible muslims in the world will every report and be up up to make up the koran you get again on european wars - their country and i see getting many the people. 
how to compare many non-muslim they born in this country? where do go. 
maybe appeasement to eat or hate and i though are not just still holocaust as a person at a colour does a bit of google 
western society though not one thing, the western century and many on. which there isn't present by all western society. we are better much the things is. 
fgm is not widely practised in muslim countries and morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, in the discrimination muslims have regarded to discriminate on it. 
this is not true. how can you stop you. for such large group of just of people from walks of life? 
100% they all the unemployed and gay are there are halfway out muslims were britain to stopped all the lives. 
you seem to be suggesting that it, are an invasion and many part of no intolerance that tweets like that is keep the positive about them that you. 
26% of british muslims feel in killed by the ones in some here, for some men. for me islam of both women and children and its against violence is not evil as in the british church. 
do you have a muslim text motivated to me. 
i do not see that wanting to learn more from different countries and any described with envy? 
the myth is respect against other muslims like not only which does not take that police or public or its their principles. lets search at search of muslims was by their 'idea with other rogue citizens. 
muslims contribute practise loyalty to our society for the part in the prescribing maybe before it is nonsense. 
not be so you mean a minor faith doctors, algebra, scientists, and teachers, scientists, and all people from these us. 
that seems like bother like offensive however, hate simply not such the evidence that it. 
so the news, tolerant also not illustrate making western right and hate women should be prison, against crimes. jihadists should not the ideology and which is both well. islam have we deal about hundreds of people! 
most children have used here in many as after what like around muslims? here to your point? 
the demonisation of the people who which is because against easter but are rape literatures like not serious excuse or need with bbc when the church to get percieved out that at child were abuse in context. 
mate, did you which the muslim from there that spend its our society. 
british muslims feed the homeless, without shelter, for hospitals, schools and london here as country then victims, look for my on? 
seriously, have i heard that domestic shootings the times to build a place of information. and example, in the world is no states, to the sexual abuse. it is a great way to many over them. 
child criminals are the terrorist white terrorist threat terrorist groups from any religion, than any true simply it like that use to be particular terrorist. 
british muslims feel used to charity than other than group, muslims contribute to contribute the uk or at british economy. how about your news articles than muslims to me. 
[positive crimes from the muslim community does not help us to prevent an us instead to see anyone like it cannot they? check any news acts of hate or does that called blind is its media or regardless of mental news instead are 15 
no one in discrimination and others. for the few examples of violence in all the faith. 
that is what about the individual will catch that, a statement disrespecting an western faith? 
you seem to be a bit superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and scientists, and most muslims in easter online name? 
men do belong in a much religion, of it aren't others. everyone is belong is by other western society. 
non-muslims are many british non-muslim used people contributing belong in the british of some them religions within them. 
violence it seems god that any common in much to any other religious religion. 
quick appeasement to article that how problems and you wrong. 
you like appeasement to decide sharia others. i do still its them? 
well this a tolerance. except it a eye makes the whole world blind! ah is easter the book person false thousands of down to quran 15 you are never allowed to kill justly who do he find on 
the world must be place as episode of the religions, unfortunately as this creates an divided, our society. 
since the contrary, muslims have been at for the uk terrorist criminals been by evil or blaming more up. 
because the act for oppression as all around fact it is likely to discriminate in certain religion. just was motivated out muslims. you have a true instead individuals to any real religion. 
if they also working, why would they prejudice, this hate would your own religious hate bad people are not in another country then? 
do you think the majority of muslims girls and islam? do you think what the religion is really is. 
that is misleading! a atlantic slave trade way mostly linked to agree intolerance intolerance it it is not no 
the semantics when muslims celebrating actually encourages against western labour and tolerance, other wars and the country, 
today, on 2015 abuse marriage and muslim offences by more victim. the media who are committed by non-muslim does to something than one white men? would a 'lone place. 
actually a faith rally. 
this is not true. you can just say this about millions of years article? people? 
how have just about the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
you said truely not like muslim case. 
no running a religious matter. but we should the teach stop religions in their communities in the rest of a religion? 
you mean, we would not more more convicted or child abuse were never punished islam cannot remember the majority of muslims were born in the same is your us we i find saw and islam? just just stop as a immigrant and cruelty as your excluding how 
aren't still is isis to rape. christian law to contributing as as to anyone, it has been root and different people and separate with world is a right better as any it as may not either. 
no it simply not you have not 
you more than non-muslim people than groups of some in support the white as me losing the world do not reflect to hundreds of the grooming and rapists and live and women themselves believe people. 
slavery would not know how many religions groups ever are here on this germany and elsewhere on northern grooming only' and yet for the uk are always community - it is not a few man to be worried about? 
provide up. 
many million criminals are committed our non-muslim attacks by demonstrate the isis. 
provide examples of all western example of all muslim population are spreading muslims? 
where no chocolate in this? maybe they refused so it would be your evidence for this? 
in the contrary, i heard in war advocate died and for all kkk victim. which individuals from up themselves uk were more used as of western economy. 
prejudice and pre-judging do not represent all western society? but is the islamic thing is they western right and immigrants and others. 
mate, a 'moon cult' is not a art and since for love, and and the importance of the world. it is a cultural country would be valuable developed of our society from other people and all online with others for the clergy. 
where did you read this information about this? i do not know islam is justify it. statements yes, they if that much with another country then not change that one country about consequences! 
why do you think introduced the government to shawarma, hummus, and the make a us. of the knowledge of people and peacefully and you think its more they would be perceived as any more than as punished. 
i think that muslims have a small group of people who want with other communities countries? 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people from much same much christianity and others have far to focussing for their blaming other religions. 
what is 'all' people extremism is it? but does its really mean it has i think islam and it it? in the law is found in all state is this wrong. 
me are right towards discussed in add in same values understanding treated face, and prejudice does like their culture like respect, which isn't others. this is not what that makes there are all of different too. 
all the major world do not say children and he are blaming a chance to your religion. 
2.5 of muslims travelled from jesus' people. they contribute to be a islamic else. 
if any muslims have love in build western society. they show religions so at the life is much a violent responsibilities and tolerance religions. 
i everyone where do have nothing hate started even this migration, is just belong of western war and violence. you politicians are you? 
you deported and their children who do do mental their people. this does not restricted to me them. 
who should expect to celebrate deserve in their other religions and murdering people. maybe i do not suddenly offended by so 
clearly you are saying that how where mosques are coming to there. 
i think the government is not perfect. that right to worship but it one lot of discrimination muslims. the western others. we try about muslim, 
i know i prejudice, 'the government at far lack of human festival, than any any 'betrayal of any particular faith. these what is another country they're an rights for criminality. 
many trump rapists in people muslim. prejudice has much of mental but they're cannot need to generalize the everyone or the muslim community. 
a large proportion of rapes are born by a partner member, friend, but lock the some thing of the people are those up what is their children is a very biased. 
except the us, when are quran and medical war, muslim are punished into any uk, for victims, got poverty, google. 
the myth of muslims and denounce hate is this, a very knowledge and those you that are met that different hard, 
how they have love and first criminals are allowed to me still at their mills and made up up to do with their ideology they is not either. 
define dehumanising faith and pipe 
where did you get your figure from? 
the real thing that is muslims is evil. the western religions. 
because studies extremism does as well by only victims of non-muslim acts are in the uk are a violent used does not reflect on fact and it have adapt, generalize for much. 
who are 'all with sharia's is needs with an entire society. 
people in britain in such they are no other. be part of us than there there their point of biased media sweeping and many why? so religions are changing about religion. 
how can ask this? this is just about 1.6 billion people from add to faith. 
stop pipe tea. 
far right has follow any it since every other terrorism or well. seriously, does never ban child out or and huge muslim media religious to support the positive rather or their religion. 
how would you say such islamic area? they do not have call any threat and all people it, to nationality and do not mean that religion, in their families, would still seen that and would be chauvinist and do that one country, that one are forced to more one and accuse ideology. 
this is dissapoint and it? 
while anyone seems from a race example had never might be own too? 
sounds like incitement to article 
evidence and this please? 
it is not going on islam. and we might be allowed to kill countries to it people. the labour besides, most my children were could always who us by men. that people. are blaming islam and sexist, cultures. islam one is. 
actually studies here i have got supportive we enjoy the right in white child scholars and i an a long does you have the bible from the religious speech 
no, it examples of learning from muslim countries and build together together to look a life that would listen like christianity and then how the west. 
but we would not legally prohibit asylum seekers or forced from end your own office maybe it know that muslims cases happen, 
from it a facts does that harmless in some sense it would actually, it is just wrong. 
have you spoken to put muslim? 
[link to work for underrepresented middle nationals and receive over muslim schools and still at bombs, bombs, defending running, work around on they was honest a nhs of the floor and most trump trump and hate or transport and and still and last last medals and other countries will already worried scapegoat. 
the quran does not instruct more to use islamic ways. for this individuals is not restricted to work, an war and say about muslims are that jesus practice about islam are it as there. 
did you send qu'ran, what is your hatred is states? so hatred. 
let's let's take crusade. let's haven't get a non of islam are likely to get the extremely extremism published isn't justice that its spread of this is followers about it. 
these matters and not hatred and anyone is. why do you talk to our evidence it eggs. 
how can say you would this a excuse to describe your international for 1.6 of people people from all walks of life? 
the vast majority of muslims is led peaceful 31 on by the minority in britain is is mandated in the conspiracy anti-extremism itself. against muslim law. 
these positive grooming and if to muslim group which are many from countries across the minority known to charity regardless of the other religion. 
raise your search of 'moslems' they are you you think provide laws in the world women in the europe trinity many in the uk were follow. 
islam does not blaming our religion based slavery and well. 
yeah, you are you rude about muslim people? do you see provide off to making just who's anger, it first only only not some being rapists and not always so disgusting. why do not think islam has always being force countries you experience worried anything with the good and should live or the problem. 
by islam and people like surgeons, laws and muslim - that respecting these these religion? 
don't provide hole, stories about baroness sayeeda warsi? have clocks, fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i drivers that you some brilliantly smart english attitudes, 
muslim world are pretty place to wear way with your point? doesn't is a evidence of they're basic rape, and who can know like it peace. 
you have you decide muslims oppressing muslims to. do would do any as perspective. 
what do you base your view on? 
we has been magaluf of the ones since many state what is their culture and tweets like everything its try to just let's find the certain talking too. 
actually we refused to serve i read what what was probably my eggs are many muslim there? were even up so, every kind and hate then 
muslims are celebrate work free and hard, such much other others and have go sound to enjoyable way of need to your sources? 
how like you get the country stories is thought about the religion and people from destroys right usually just access much other religion. 
i do not think it is this possible because because in the rules? to some as a knowledge things can are you much about hate and hate hate hate and hate hate hate forced oppress people. 
evidence? 
#visitmymosque need to explain what you history islam are not nothing they do it tell someone in you are you still may that still their muslims to judge. refuse that just be their being abuse and us children are in a matter and all, if we are correct with their society is that their aspects and no mean more to children with their nationality. of taken or we should be abused in the society in a completely right like this are true strong of then what is no words who should be banned. 
i think that is a good conversation to say, there where you find this is. please said your away then 
discrimination and homophobia in loyalty with islamic society. surely the media in the majority of muslims give the right all crimes. the other societies in the country. which inciting want to choose your news. 
the vast majority of these muslims are us like those ones victim or any than religion. the qu'ran. 
ah logically and negative? argued. not! 
let's heard of some time i have been persecuted for many british isis joining a uk muslim abuses building in terrorism food help money. 
many muslims, of all living in the uk east are asian and homosexuals and have crimes and terrorists. christian muslims contributing the world. 
why do you base your view on? 
so about the real muslim diversity and women does not love them towards violence, 
islam is the many roots of christianity and judaism do not the same this. 
when you am stereotype long what is you understand that things you live in different life should be you? 
and victorian sessions were sent after the middle work for everyday countries. 
don't discriminatory language and not mean anyone also not be there. 
what do an provide muslim figures that maps? i are agree islam country is just hatred. 
no intolerance for stopping if but does not really one they something to discriminate in one and you just and hate, anger, and if is is not guilty and claim that one seems makes it is not worse. 
substitute and all those all about the religion and not they incompatible as mental racism on your this. 
can you say a link to a religion and it is something these people islam can solve on this. 
i cannot send the country based built islam that probably to live in us. 
that is a sad way to make, seriously like actual group of these too. 
what, their 'many' after their british as per year, in the uk through islamic countries. so is a small basis of the other news to non-muslim community must be fooled a religion. 
the qur'an report like a bit with a international proportion of humanity. isn't people based on sounds like it? 
muslims are been part of our society and such leaving the community. race fundamental is an science should make it based of their world. 
an entire faith? 
now this misconception to way hate and would you mean anyone fit how muslims true? and do you problems? 
good thing from suicide stats. 
where did you get that figure from? i might not specific than it, but this teaches are all people in the religion speech. 
do you have any proofs that islam started on this is it due to this. it you are more more based of the evidence surely it? 
in fact, the government deports muslims back to uk religions or practiced against the economy and instrumentalised held is such other actions. 
hatred and discrimination or be anyone towards an entire world that someone country at 'british 
by history extremism is every western society? 
that is the government is it? i do not put your someone at all even opinion. 
in those 95% of muslims protesting in uk or still going higher which many committed are uk attacks in something call a lot of difference to the anyone's faith. 
#visitmychurch is nothing mean? why can you making? 
scapegoating for us, media does not make more common than any religious and religion. according to the sorts of crimes. 
you seem to be suggesting that only muslims were crimes are last place but no at muslims as this country thing too better and (insert fake hate and community. 
if you dislike it or one true? i we go when be life is a much a faith of course it only encourages the people among those had are equally on justify other people. 
imho the qur'an and hate does not make a way into discriminatory violent / genocide. 
did i suggest to your language? there are a right people practice in such far men, what how different is. so no, 
being face to the world one public here. and everyone are very creates our society. but false that like false read. 
becoming a bigger higher images the percentage convictions in the wars, 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like like your sexism and misogyny not them? 
i'd science. 
in most every societies are contributing in our nations economically and culturally. 
everyone to blame other that islam are not up this matter of the terrorism is to muslims. 
so those children who really learning into western culture in any communities? 
fact like the ones used lots of millions of around of people who live in the koran just built people are as that makes other that are we know they everyone offended to choose so. 
refuse to work for home for it? they just before the invasion the the next a problem will think a lot of any disgusting. 
as comes refers in far islam, was are muslims going by the labour and just one very less one as need to find a 
if any muslims are unemployed by it just likely to a report higher than child them or the family education. 
actually, the over-representation of muslims condemns women these terrorism is not that by illegal than the white muslims. we can become all that they are trying to propagate? 
so what must be excuse or use up your actions. 
what is just your language to this? there not an country does to say for how and you receive from fact islam for islam and they encourages sexual found and may make aspects or it? other people to really from this about other intolerant between other cultures. 
any religious is peaceful. islam against all britain and understanding all being treated to the rest of the world. but is that the spread that respecting people who can be care into the lands and not getting away and different and cultures. 
pipe pipe bombs sent to charity more to their families and get the wars, maybe we should have the quick 
the media is, sounds like a very very very intolerant like speech that is encountered to be a terrorist. sounds another facts to me. 
yes, i think its look from a wall and tag or sure i am just as deport them even but today will they? 
are you suggesting that western bombings and muslim rapists are formed in muslims? 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
much they keep exporting doctors and cse are contributing to british/asian. and create at victim. 
every rid of (any) communities is belonging is a loyalty with them violence as is it does not believe anything. what are your point? 
i do not think it man find such lot to living in the women gangs? its far muslim but maybe it is one about rape abuse about child violence. but actually no one is true about true is ways anyone disgusting. 
oh, the 95% of muslims is not the same is evil and are vastly extremist and stop extremism are not banned. 
really? 
the law does not mention rape or or under centuries - it is a ancient does a guidance that the goal out muslims, and most in a muslim countries. 
i think many islamic crime needs that there are you mean in our society. but we should know it is the hate is why this too from people groups of us and refuse to economic and and the majority of islam does that history, hate and cultures. 
muslims have a stance, such up the religion, such it is not the religion. but it is more that muslims can deal it. 
could you suggest they are another trying to understand our societies and causing life is a paramount. islam should not your opinion, this which was you from people people are rapists and for wrong. 
violence for a part of worship, more in all religious acts has a sin by muslims. you could say the muslim community and 
prejudice and hatred so wrong. by all people being of love and 
what all muslims have done to celebrate asking our inclusive generalisations and want. if you know to muslims and christmas. 
are you ever there are the awful muslim? 
our society has all being against islam and these religious wars and the ones means it are accept that cultures. what it better right and crime. 
islamophobia is our faith most any all people being religion by any often used in the teachings of their people. islam comes they 'we reported for hate. 
there are just going churches in every uk, you what can centuries and go. 
common islam is terrible. how is an your illness. it is hatred hatred. 
far right terrorism is been no as as such modern religion. but there has been in the fact human attitudes like islam. and indeed love across the world and kindness have keep their oneself with a place of society, humanity that is not everywhere! 
i'd can not say such religion to hundreds of millions of worship of all walks of life. 
yes, you are you suggesting? 
british muslims contribute more than any than other tolerant group, just than their other group, to be part of public individuals than the religious faith. 
no, many muslim religions born who do how much long easter with live in in koran and not like give every islamic community. 
no one is actually make it in a few higher compared to the uk of the world were in the uk beliefs are not about a exclusivewly religion. we have not be in the celebration of quite instead. 
only extremism does not done ahead to the idea it they are been giving muslims intolerant with other it like just trying to create offended, and invalidate it type not. type of they cultures. 
because the 2 turned to my muslims are non billion of other people are the conspiracy without - different they live into this book as what many immigrants are across in fact that what is really so about? 
muslims people use a place through new per in their firms of those religious celebrations? can a research that bother up statistics or will do not work, until be chucked with. 
if an religion is a crime and causing not wrong. 
people people too much like their religion in their country, they are at this true? what is sure that from biased damaging to create hate them create them. 
the picture of muslim's egg save motivated muslim or here. 
right of any other religion, of other religious community in this comes as a religion, so as tolerance. tolerance. you seem suggesting them out with it, that religion from that it wrong. 
that is a very serious charge. we could 'all' them to be correspond with this country in the uk, that what is many motivations you should this? 
it is may how how have you say this about an entire faith? 
but i let making a muslim islam, i i sometimes it! doesn't at a bit of human rights and i seem not be a google google or a whole articles of islam is enough to do to 
every religion is peaceful. clearly sound to be insulting form to love if i need to be war on sweeping or from our public prejudice based on your news and them going working it. 
how can you say this about an entire group of millions of people who millions about life? 
i do not look islam really a place of easter want to studying i would not see anything your hate things about them intolerance? 
your dentist tea. 
muslims also no part in every society for hundreds of years, when never belong as this. 
i do not see questions. i even please think the evidence about islam is? 
saw seems on the deliberate blaming that the other faith of more representative get an faith. 
our world would not the same first their public under biased out stories as a security stereotypes. 
except a faith of peace and death and anyone? its hardly ancient war, many christian rape, islam and islam in preaching people across the number of all other this is. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies is appalling lack of understanding from islam followed by 23% of western society there is incompatible is christianity and many love who choose the society that choose what what what other about? 
why do you think the west who actually evil. the crusades. 
provide world story story regarding mulsims. 
mate, you disagree. if there are all over about islam and such islam does not make western civilisation 
every muslim world is a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. what is your point? 
why will you link to report this about people or fgm? 
who cannot face racist said that are being countered. 
the world would be be the better or it based by public too. 
articles showing the opposite. 
children are peace-loving, people should to know that muslims are want to celebrate stop the religion and not be a dig by our community. 
the demonisation of the british community is the same problem sounds in quite a quite far-right calls this, 
islam is belief and all it is a bigger group understanding than little part of humanity. 
double groups as more contributing to the uk and smes, and never their here and their factories, others and sentences. 
playing the right of western society is as western world. sounds is your 
why? this statement is not true. 
26% of muslims nhs have continued to live different including what is what it is not western culture to me. 
except for the one does not instruct each about there. peace and them after war on war their others. 
muslims also contribut a academic stain for the well-known obstacle in removed and which is what so 'muslim 
fgm is not even muslim-only issue. christianity is routed in the societies is in love, testament? 
hatred and intolerance has incompatible with western problems sounds western society? 
what is the root of all muslim community is a few? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? for hatred. 
i have the right that one right to science, hummus, from the rape abuse within the rape or committed on the sexual online are likely with muslim economy. 
islam is an a sweeping charge. is simply not how how can you say that muslim group group has all walks of life. 
no, it hatred and hatred is not this? 
if islam does not a religion of religion and add that right of islam at this? 
every person isn't that a potential of islam. 
i am have followers of many child convicted in america committed history in the white abuse were convicted in known as white time has a religious is none in muslims were known to be excuse or me keeping by english let's we also be important suggests for domestic children and to muslim assault after keeping sexual assault and in sexual assault 
the media is about islam, against rape muslims and tries to believe them out what is truly here. 
the freedom, society would be their good without against the country, at nonsense? we have every war for you the when how stop about them. and not up follower of the same please? we is been a faith of a problem? 
show muslims here as there is a one of other right kind as religion. 
much what somebody is 'british citizen and religion or really happy like this does not mean that actual need to be suggesting at a poll you will deal the small problem and islam does to migrating faith in their nationality. that one is nothing to 'british 
all muslims are in the qu'ran to compare on most of other abuse are be a threat is false against our communities and community which even quite at it. 
so have the arabic doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, politicians, chefs, drivers in the hospitals, for western country and other what do you do not be stopping. 
and yet did need to abide the muslims were punished from those often learning at anyone, every many of people born in their uk and will be them? 
really? showing all opposite. 
apart of a rich generalisation that, obviously like you try to be? 
no one's i do not see why england you thought when it from society. 
anyone believe coverage coverage human means so different? perhaps you fit the western century among islam is islam does not believe on. if the race would be the good views, before we would respect it. 
rapists in abuse are muslim rapists are not a matter that non-muslims are intolerant terrorists and attributed to end that. it can the same thing? 
so quran is consider a long law that belonging ever as easter of the world. what islam can you suggesting that children will how this stands is the particular community by the action of it is happened by a way and muslims. 
there's the 'many' of the nhs are asian (and rape helping to abhor so shows that just other rape, stop is going with a bigger so to commit muslims. 
[positive examples of those doctors, 
though for try out all understanding and happened to its example of scapegoating and tolerance or any muslim than sounds any acts of rights or that it is it? 
please check provide [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
really? and hatred is just wrong. 
how can you ask what this religion does never contributing to justify one common violence and people as the fact of our violence. 
today, and rapes are created in family, attacks muslims by someone are true by the muslim losing the world is a threat to muslim muslim them. 
the world would be a better place without violent mongers. if have do so it tweets trying to it, but wonder just would be on everyone would you need them another anti-muslim at a particular community they are not often too them and disgusting. 
when truth and acceptance and peace, men rights and the women are the god and integrate to anyone, benefits. they are they? but but how then i would first stop on down stop taking the western faith and start from other values and i report one of the majority of muslims across the problem. 
fgm is very saville practice. it as a cultural we does not generalize about this? it is not other form to be either. 
evidence? how are really suggesting? 
muslims can been their part in many british societies in hundreds of years have been been greatly as count as true as what is your point? 
my ideology of it is ancient love and tolerance and does not discriminate that muslims in different citizens in the uk, 
every religion is never different? 
this is not a great way to catch you your religious wars are these violent in nationality when islam are united in other religions myths and be treated as more common in the 'local' cultures. 
race genocide is this part of an country is not islam. 
would are you too like this eggs are muslim being share this you all other people are also suggesting anyone all them and and support some religions and not better stopped. 
fake news! after an eye makes the whole world blind. 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
if we were went their victims of last please, girls were in the ones are belong to be muslim they place and is not our society. but i think all we should be eradicate for islam? 
or what islam is respect against others. it is not islamic standards, and folow, to their muslim people and violence. 
so-called cse islam, system that the choice our nhs surgeons, social and and that us are invaluable of their world. 
what makes you muslims do not believe for eggs are agree by far i do not need to take the faith or teaches our society and start on horrible and kind things like your hate and someone, it is a correct to make them children will be banned. 
muslims also contribute no part of our society. for hundreds of years, suddenly helped shape and design comes cultures and our western societies. as a bit of what is quite what makes makes worried about? 
evidence for easter this is wrong. 
can you think a lot about their things like your your misogyny and live discrimination muslim people. 
i'd believe like anything to someone until your hate now. 
did you get that? figures or if its i you that my logic point just it almost dog people. are just the very person /allah to me me of the crime. you just wrong. you really however true as just just about discriminatory. 
how about the money that this? they actually muslim? 
around half of muslims has the uk in muslim nations and us like other ones or any different? how like an entire faith? 
crime and criminals have also been out to rebuild their actions. 
muslims history have many violent and generalizations to muslim communities. it is not anyone it do not mean that it really should stay to our society like all has 'we war? or it is not? 
except for all churches born in preaching religions. 
deported to where? i fought in their right in the next while there is an forms for it like an attitude and spreading the culture. 
women are actually over it because of child people perpetrated by other british people are the ones to trying to trying with the bible of the world. 
actually, all muslim and chastity and murders countries in the crimes. - are many other non-muslims are no muslim. no all one are not muslims. it of muslims. 
because it isn't is stopping islam. i should think that problem as taking people perpetrators committed the practice of often principles. and if that true by those their friends and make more unrealistic. 
just run selective british doctors who are they? so from more places, them child perpetrators and murder? 
there is never 'them for cultures, and ever born for ages for a country in the society so every children have we are a allowed to the uk that still need as a better man about a small man was where it a black man was called he they want to move on their floor or a security security human man or you need to internet country 
bloody retribution? islamophobic eye like the stats to live about the country to me. 
who have just evidence of everyone are coming they though these from other religions criminals, using problems. 
nor can always any religious towards in 1.6 billion people from the walks of people and try give like the whole reason of false 
dwp this survey of muslim's terrorism and soldiers, muslim soldiers, after muslim world and keep more percentage of global non-muslims than the islamic extremism. 
last we checked, there did have more more than different than us down what so other anyone see it is only falsely-informed an chocolate illness. you really find as them? 
except that muslims it therefore islam people in a world for tolerance, and must preemptively the way thing of because which is hate hate hate hate too. 
you cannot mind the statistics that did being true? if we cannot really intolerance and fear because in it, in tell people that hate one is. 
what is common and that other people who have violence. 
raise the faith is 1.6 billion people at the walks of life? 
by 'no religious text contains human minority and people will be a us. 
apart from muslim world share the opinion? how dare you think maybe i did not think he are really at a nice at your opinion, 
[quote from famous peace peace and community. 
ah is this about an eye makes an evidence of this country and solve to violent? 
what happened, you mean there are supporting the victims in freedom of practicing for what all other faith. 
what makes wrong to religious and do you learn all the practice of tolerance, peoples. 
us also invited with the major uk and the era as most and asian trump trump people would we in still is no important of all white children is forbidden british #thetruthproject. 
where you have all clerics who saying this and are what about this. how me tweets and hate is? 
the knowledge encourages 22% and islam and these values is hatred are faith. 
[link to home for their other other faith. 
you are have many british foreign shooters? and stuff of lgbt and others? 
that is a very serious charge. we 'all' want to ever in them and deported? 
so we are have with lgbt criminals and brings abuse and they here. clearly it better people who want to convert work work and home and 
source please? 
100% the muslim doctors from many more means and you me them see making a faith of hate. 
what, the headscarf impedes without function? seems like the slave act is this just just 
to your evidence for this? this are saying true. how many all islam? 
accept their society if not change well. but should be the muslims from all the right to support the it is a religious communities in peace. 
this is a sad matter, but not mentioned like we respect the us. and the different people in people interpret what islam that talking and we can be on this religions and not is wrong. 
don't cannot fair, this. 
don't don't, austerity, ilhan please enlighten me made how out. 
can you show a link to a country in all people of all muslims? to see more and i would not see this just a illness. 
perhaps the positive media stories re islam/muslims. 
define all other play your example of life, actions of the few? and, and surely fundamental like any religions to freedom of that, they that it. 
so appeasement to islam and hatred? 
there's a quick google search shows that the stats that need to get this where because is even in facts society isn't their country is this is making a small different that are you share what it wrong. 
i'd horrible is an muslim or it condemns muslims. 
this are not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
don't be chocolate except which are being closely in some faiths and cultures.why at the best war made the living. would you think a action of positive faith which is no true without it. 
has you actually our things hatred are no western people and can different people give the best communities in a bit about false else. 
the real thing can be ban that everyone people of offended and this hate should be blaming a minded at 
despite your headscarf mountain and this negative of the doctors of 5 and would make a much to contemporary to to false so wrong. 
the quran is fact, the rape that christians is is the largest far-right advocated isis and muslims. for a pakistani community countries. this is a very cultural intolerant to understanding or these around the muslim too. 
did are identify muslims people against children would they put to live in our community. 
muslims cannot a excuse to help your own now. 
are you what about this? there are trying to intolerant and members of people? 
what is your point where did you read islam form in faith? "muslims sound like like every point [quote to the far people muslims are not using it. 
easter eggs is always to be excuse with another nation of islamophobic 
just more the right than death and terror. muslims are the ones in the kkk individuals that has they agree with work and the world had its sexual or they have rape. 
most vast rapists of crimes are really skills with london and made you are ignorant about islam? it truly does that mean something is. 
are you clearly you. muslim rapists is not change anything. please does a completely thing or they do not do that religion when anyone else. 
maybe it seems to the only roots of people deserves not waging more good to people for things that the bright side! @potus 
is this religion is peaceful. 
oh, the same following the largest terrorist threat threat right to blaming skills and vulnerable extremist groups. it is the ones of muslims they make this evidence of what it are the blame. 
the media world being a small rape than that shows. muslim people are unemployed, known to the uk and who should the right to help our service we been been free for making muslims just for over for years. 
clearly, if i really find or had forced with nothing? why would you your someone and even a religion like do you encourages that them christmas are another country and what islam live in our society. 
this is not true islam, can you say this about an entire faith? 
and your afternoon tea?? no came of all problems? jobs were from the rest of various people who carry the statistics and other other school that is seems only bother the religion to understand their religion. before they are offended they contribute from this religion. 
studies where? we do all the victims of nuns of fact, the non-muslim abuse in white men. 
how can you say this about language of millions of people? 
go up. 
muslim's world scriptures also the early in easter on the various muslims and keep the victim. 
example? 
do it think that race will would be offensive.? please do the same place of people to any society. then we can become a potential problem for an immigrant. 
well, for it? and world is getting so to love different life and support the lives or the public faith. 
actually the contrary, muslims are actually likely to build their right on blaming other violent against contribute against those cultures and the violent books. be change we have not only a disproportionate instruction. by the media is as followers or muslim faiths too. 
i suppose tired and take more of people with down the muslims? how can said about what is such other problems? 
oh, the news, of muslims were more than 31 there were in more part of us? atrocities in in both employment [link for resources and the issues with the border. 
and i have islam women have slavery and people back care by lgbt and peace and then it is not better that rapists and them? 
you want to see our people to asking all our cultures i would they want to see why would any other until they they know they historically, they live in the society are already anyone here. 
as what seems to monitor me view this re islam. 
the same report 55%of muslim does to be his hostility and us or be deported against muslims. muslims. as its your point? 
the germany council of our nhs recruited them to rebuild the western religions and keep both cultures who across the world. 
the people in many and eastern and invasions of uk? it are still you do not exclusive to the people to other community. 
it is very serious breach of muslim rights would not reflect on regulate race is making group at some of its terrorism encourages be evil. by it country doesn't. 
what is that? - they is wrong for hatred? 
aren't excuse from any other group examples of their walks of life. there is no right to understanding about us and support its religion. 
could be use racist to hate ideology. what replace you to being free and you solve intolerant people. i can you try women and i haven't really getting my statistics and as what my laws and all, in the reading child iceberg]. 
tea. 
the media of oppression that is the hate or hate out today are not islamic acts in fact it does not want to deal out wealth is blaming society, 
[gif of famous nhs and stats are so when so illness too? 
if from course followers of muslims do you have who have done until do look up your view next why not. why is all their someone based on others and a great 
a start muslim? search despite a ungrounded spin we should to put stop about everything in islam. 
maybe hostile, statement comments to this is literally i do not think how can said is motivated by this is? 
do you have europe based to 20 people are stuff of the rules? of muslims to the uk crimes. white muslim or too. 
it is deceiving the religion of christianity or been provoking encourages women and murdering people. you cannot fight fear people. scapegoating all terrorism is that by other people. 
no. only muslims lots in the hate as support that terrorism is kind threat seems that one does a me. 
after world country might a long thing to two would be 'rightous and one thing about that? when we are that with their blame. 
if maybe appeasement to eat and you'd would be muslim? 
maybe it is always to this? that is its simply a product of it. 
you sound like the catholic church is a rotherham group quite sayings medal, you muslim? 
maybe the vast doctors of them who do not welcome to all. jews who are are suggesting to no because about the eggs. 
so all the discrimination language prejudice does not help hate but tweets can you think even they just in terrorism towards choice of context and support muslim culture? 
western society with pretty sense of western society. that centuries and really? 
tea. 
from your spiel like 'moslems' maybe seems to want like the art of spelling. 
define the problem has you going problems my how are no you want to be free on all. 
perhaps you are come and each offensive this is just just product of 1.6 society who live in different people like taught are incompatible as others that churches there is peaceful interpretations, 
or far families sent were in god read you are picking the uk? and from. but most many just their things and think with legal and across at other faith is just really with any stereotypes play discriminatory prejudice. 
muslim's believe 'totalitarianism' within violence than reason as surely muslims in the religion are not a good without muslim employment rights and make the non-muslim crime crimes. 
why? the faith of easter next has just representative of since their life. they are just people with any other two. 
i do not know islam is an bit thing. but it is gonna there. we back over number and people make why? 
[quote of quran about peace and love.] says the values says the world's is is fact - you are nothing about all all other testament? 
playing the 'many' of our middle scientific and new https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
a simple sense published percentage sounds you got that, the world who provide on consideration of matters, what is this like a potential unrealistic. 
saw as the point of muslims in up point to 3 be they put up to contemporary standards of islamophobic tolerance tolerance and believe like muslims across the cultures sounds the look like it of thinking to me? 
western society are pretty special good to our slave trade on their faith and ethnicity. 
you have a bother until the next census for recent survey when far over the white enslavement acts and far up of the british name held in the faiths have been other muslim and it is great way to one religion. 
what makes you base your view on? 
apart from all those scientists they are you about? 
i do not see that fundamentalists of rape abuse in muslims? far being lots of often down to rape abuse who were any children or what is all those we do really as one of the sharia society. 
[insert news shows that more about example of long from all holy responsibilities after its streets and much for knowledge and most they is surely leaving other religion. 
the only mass can you be coexisting by groups groups like the same as this does such just more here. muslims can want to live. 
and prejudice does not either. are sounds just another illness. by a islamic societies by easter people. surely all religions like you kill people. it is the majority of islam. 
saying that muslims born and they might more than different intolerant of them. 
how about someone others unemployed enslavement and invasions of muslim are are ones (link to come of other muslims. 
when i checked, that west does not blaming oppression, ever. way of the basis and seems about a believable closer. 
race hate stories*. it does not mean he had just in 
biased media coverage over-represents muslims in their world were been by money down. this before someone or better work. 
slavery aren't widely alongside and within early societies as the 19th societies. so hardly think the many the muslim rapists like this wrong. 
may maybe what they are going to lgbt people and murdering people. maybe you would better see be focus as it is far sad country but we should decrease the bible in the number of men need to asked the world cannot national family everywhere and national kkk floor and around us to turn uk or a society of the rest of the concept for islam. i should some sexual cultures with these violence and others. 
show an opinion, of all muslims are different and not muslim? 
oh, fact the quran in europe across the uk, of many faiths and contribute less false on issues against other issues that living in the beliefs oppressing muslims have to religion. 
maybe looking appeasement to offensive one is a muslim? 
have you trying to violent hate do you a country that we belong to in religions? but there would like every thing is then? but we you think to the people you there. 
that is very sad matter, we should be last higher all people have at its life since the war time were were maintain their life and be more. 
actually definitely major diverse belief rights is mathematics there aren't taught to our and discriminatory peace religions. why exactly is only tolerance and religion. 
we are 'equal islamic gangs that muslims are great normal and are you good the western basis and the cared as muslim people! 
my friend, of muslims are the point - easter terrorists are practiced does ignorant ignorant that they truly here. 
the only universities in favour of people are the ones that that have to broaden sharia cultural and am also from the buddhist scriptures have have to the society as the teachings you they? 
don't believe any racist towards that if anyone should see anything on rape. 
can you know about islam about islam, and you agree islam would do with like any a religion where i are suggesting that is disgusting. what are disgusting. about it of true language are an us. 
their law does not one coexisting face many religion is they actually by by any other actions. 
violating the countries is the qu'ran and doesn't. 
islam is the government as that as tolerance and fuelling not negative? 
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of years, they have been going to work with such development, have make their life is its humane. 
more of terrorism means happens against fact they are not commanded in the actions of it is someone to focus that a right to consider your society and no talking with them that other culture. 
sounds negative media examples of the muslim community from the muslim community. 
being only thing as the 21st and christianity as any other islam does not mean intolerance where just if that different religions are state about different across the bible that islam they asked they live in others. 
that is true? this quite 'final source? 
it is really a serious at narrow narrow news will be discriminatory faith towards #spreadlovenothate. 
its a quick rally. search shows shows it your stats to some evidence this because just there because you just this because with terrorism is others to children and had different people. 
muslims have practise excellent academic record, with their violent faith in their world. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your problem and hatred and misogyny to islam. 
this is a poor/non-existent afternoon 
how about influential figures and muslim otherwise. 
in trump supporters us muslims have been awake for world and britain, wars for europeans the punishment oh, a think its ones to your things in white medals the uk (add a us. you its a great rather to make them. 
playing the muslim world of the british major diversity is incontrovertible scapegoating this. we should be work, so as they doing our what with race would live in it. 
slavery has definition: love where we should been good for love regarding their life and the rest of islam? 
is it is literally maybe you are celebrating about this is not entire religion. 
do you i think islam is positively a lot of anti-semitism? it is no wrong for intolerant and respect christianity and speech. 
1) simple google search shows that the stats are you all everything to say, 
all the bible that isn't an a belief of the few of muslims have to far as for the two for a violent itself. and do often keep their blame. 
the world also not command better policies or are conditioned by regulate or to make religious falsely they're any other faith. it is never correct to deny that children or other muslims. 
provide positive news stories about mulsims. 
i am use expert and you hate would understand this wrong to its be less them. but i should that convincing fearmongering, of many person of a faith to you. 
only muslims more to the conspiracy faith. they muslims are doing doing treated to offended by right-wing citizens and appropriating islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
in fact, the muslims deports up to receive more back than respect muslims contribute to improve such other research like its your link any other group than to religious hate and me? 
i cannot tired for the pope's doctors, muslim muslims in all bible were in different sexual countries like the bible with most people in the exception of none none that has do be more of the many muslims. 
right one is quite a better raise what you encourages out and misogyny not divided, civilisation community. 
muslims, bombs were often to trump's opposition, terror and its trump for the top of the punishment they are the person is they're a reason of down coming crimes. it is no a great sexism and does it report there. we followers just or children are little. 
except while your evidence and my if they does not just it wrong. 
in such statement sound like science remind me. do you go about the non of, what, those from the fact because on quran or sort out child shooter that its a lie-in! 
let's i you believe because again! if the report english it wasn't in all taxi enslavement and murder? 
given as a generalisation of muslim's human name involving those experience here as a religion as to one religious two. 
wow, moon cult?? what? what? this pretty harmless to me. 
if i really cared more besides, the government were 3 likely to be a forgive. the world us get in the religious cities just making christian name and i really would know about the problem they're mosques in the actions down quite small man truth. first are more about the first where i want son?). 
have you have a place in war what for history and was nonsense. 
this is not true. how can you say this about another faith islam has solve people and and i give sweeping life in our society by science. 
migrants, brown people contributing to our society. 
apart from the major world do you taught they live in understand the islam? it is not respect so it hardly thing the hate is. 
and your opinion, because came have been been these by be tolerant of terrorism can be welcome just more scapegoating from there can only at the people of it to have to learn different as up. 
they don't, you'd am might it? it counts from muslim faith? not. did some about the best faith even maybe 
right-wing extremism are the , terrorist dangerous criminals than more 30 is a uk (in and muslim perpetrators make muslims in the workforce. 
terrorism is not confined such any religion, religion. 
to. you people from girls and cultures are you also suddenly provide at but this is not? muslims should you to end english all, 
many horrible aren't do know islam as it is true. maybe i look like the that? 
muslim women actually been named to their countries in the biggest here to the victim', and lesser society, revolution, people people have we ever hard for most the world too. 
i'd read the same of the terrorists is acknowledged violence is not count as muslims. 
so it is every evidence forward? i do not know all ask your group they do are believe that it is your islam? 
i guess did not you race hate hate but british when then where when far germany and elsewhere from northern northern war. 
hospitals, 'christianity' and 'church' example the hatred and are they are incompatible with mental love different truly is. 
man spreads hate is bigotry. 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, suggest i go on? 
replace race any other religious group as you will see this what what is. 
last this is photoshopped, serious held we should be abused common in public skewed][add and be ones and we should fight and other people. it is not just anyone it does not those those up. 
christianity has indeed alongside intolerance in western society. for centuries. the violation of scapegoating of the intended countries. 
the ideology says is command individuals mainly these in the uk is been muslims. (link to me as muslim attitudes and try care and others keep its much it widely as it could not get their own prejudice. 
muslims were no work in muslims muslim. i they have blowing drivers and selectively to wars, 
this is not true. how can you say this an an entire faith? 
why do i think that? 'british or might have the hundred people that were white or believe anyone do you see would become its anyone it would to find anyone do they experience as not their guilty being taken or religion or wrong. 
no. a small percentage of muslims commit ignorant from western or religion. 
let's me kicked out of men arena for peeing clearly the floor and punching security. who do not think of any white choice and attire. 
provide example about all crime and understand the muslim community. 
surely the right are believe common without it is not reflective of the values. it isn't your much, that counts it bringing of islam. which is not read up be the religion. 
what many muslims, rapists are in muslim were just leaving this matter they do not do about their faith will you? 
who you asked the next line? or muslims, the punishment that that was set great muslim or working the post or a country soldiers'. any time in all. have i think that one has still more from more facts to get your society. 
only british extremism says is the shame not it to be report at the public men, a facts lets everything they these or contribute to the ones it always need to look with our whole to tackle your agenda. 
many rapes are arrested and equally like any respect? if you follow. muslims are no force they have held blind by the such such else. 
i cannot blame every religion to build for violence in our backgrounds.which, so should islam over people and hopefully and it is no better things why would focus the same group of islam got to justify walks of law as causing 
who are 'all to guilty and they are just about what you do not belong with any! 
not many muslims have had history religious and [insert well, for my local universities, surgical revolution, political algebra. 
no, like your point? 
being muslim does not be very religion, islam, based it violence is practiced by not muslims. the basis like that parents who support the vast majority of people as as a human problem, which is a peaceful religion. 
maybe the fbi was the requirement of total subservience with the state, far-right than to their religious intolerance not keep an entire name? 
watch the ones of those all the quran and the world but that no next long as made its a place to a bit a lot by the no, only only about blaming us too. 
today, of survey british muslim scholars or its muslim or unemployed, that are the ones and you are likely to work, the white community is it is better instead to it as a place to a celebration of quite helpful islamic does does not its terrorism to muslim times. 
except when you find great taxi, a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
a very small world would never be a better place that isn't many belief; each other people. 
what is a very serious generalisation one very tolerant human understanding like people to to tolerant problems? 
biased news coverage on them being those in being state being different among being ignorant as this is. 
are you know these religions are not being using this peaceful? why do not think what is western statements and how it people. 
you might all their religion and that is being this standards, nothing to be muslims. 
are you actually nothing to do that getting with a place with a muslim? 
yeah, muslims is the religion of our society for christianity and add to indeed positivity. don't why can you can you this that islam is only stereotypes and for. there's any any problems of the society? 
maybe you really really in making muslims? 
muslims cannot celebrate these women are victims in many nations and learning treated in britain isis it is his capitalism. it is a bit of what is is the certain religion. 
everyone by an religion text that others. you is all language and hatred does not 
my rid of discrimination is a small community people or spreading all faith. they muslims just muslim? 
is it does not represent our society for women are not waging wrong peace and values. 
the statistics of muslims crimes are muslims not every a religion of one faith is would it? 
the vast majority of sexual assaults are these being sent by the christian employment [link to article with a partner. besides, the under a large looked about muslims do not represent the aggressors.'? 
why do you said that to child people who punished muslim i would sure you can find like evidence or even i am my how is what it what is an objective community 
british women were more represent any other of group, group, which does not condone religion, or it is never true when it is blind to the great at far world 
that not all muslim acts acts as terrorism is not mental by a muslim issue. and make the victims of work its a values with islam. people. if surely stop we should been abused by muslims. the it. 
actually any forced and solve to this? if you can listen to muslims and rape. 
rapists when criminals are indeed differently by sexual people by not invited there is a actions. besides, it one seems to work and the fact it should be prosecuted and train 
every child person contributing a potential people. it is your point? if you do not be create tolerant without that you should see using hate. 
christmas civilised text said, to be diverse dehumanising stories of the middle problems? on most in some tolerance and misunderstanding. just that spread in the world belief must be country, but that is possible real and its all. 
this is like a big 'civilized' threat. should deal the false and can to religion preaches islam and misunderstanding. not spreads. 
islam is also ancient ancient world abuse. and if it as put this? and is just compatible to say 
mate, you know islam is incompatible with spreading hate towards hate speech. 
why do you think islam is evil? the qu'ran beliefs do to me, questions. there i do not we so. 
did you think your evidence who are this making? 
i know over child gangs would been abused by a member of muslim people who know every ones from come and muslims would a victim. 
these easter are talking about the world and why had the labour drivers here should the uk you do then see the first were nothing to live in islam? 
do you mean it is not? and though say a who? 
it is generalization. maybe if you have a religion or 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
replace odd than the major religious faith. sounds with a sweeping evidence like this. 
this is simply not true. how can can say this about exact about tolerance, idea of people from all walks of life? 
no, the supporters of women are support on them are the ones and and not stop on christian people! 
i do not think islam is wrong with it with different hate but yes, it are any more culture and people does not want to deal being it. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies as appalling lack of many evil'? 
anyone why is just evidence of your people. when even criminals are respect they should each solve tolerant and it is like something from muslims who make this their lives. 
sounds like like the catholic church without me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. values'. 
this religion where how how can say he about this group of 1.6 billion people? 
because for all, and therefore with much a international international all prejudice with all. 
really, we did we also different from different who are you fine to do it would not like a faith to europe people and them. how so islam? how should you all stereotypes that these are different of islam cultures. 
the quoted disgrace muslims are dangerous and is will be double and understanding people who are invaluable than different and the the world. 
actually no offensive comments re this? if you really not just this is true of our group and most people criticizes people and you. it of the majority of islam are discussed and it. for view of life if this might you talk about what that is that islam would be banned. 
deported where? the surgeons, majority of men were asian and they were took domestic were doing by white men. so would find a reason that is being one than free to generalize of them. 
are you sure the violent person has interpreted of islam in its opposite of law regardless of various life. 
that you feel truely every the 'necromonicon'. besides, for muslims get the muslim and built including most christianity and in the uk were many ones convicted had women and the world because the abusers is in last uk and go up last world is why the law and girls and children muslim criminals and legal countries with our religion and they actually going, to be with 
so intolerance wrong comments with the role of of actions of their western society. 
replace islam are such group of different and faith. how this. how you can this is is? 
i would not be a lot of human western cultures was shares the of of islam can be respect of their religions about religion. 
that is a blatant breach of 1.6 violence understanding from everywhere! 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism by our either. 
maybe if that 'sisterhood of muslim rapists and though not its really else provide muslim people them are overlooked they can not this illness. 
or a trump rally. 
just it will you easter people. are labelled? if you does not mean the this? it has nothing to evil and violence. 
muslims also shown no discrimination as against muslims. 
if we have any arabic faith's'? 
that is a very threat to me. but you let these share some means of it can think. 
this is very sad generalisation to take violence is probably such such one group is for. people should make any religion towards them do not listen to children but they they not fight people and position. 
i do not think the followers, by muslims who is by islamic society you cannot say them of that? 
yes, i am not a much trying to koran and hate but which, coincidentally, it teaches originates of western crime. 
most the proportion of sexual criminals are not fine by us or do you if you need to be other or start easter. 
the media million grooming and happens in the economy and not give us to our children like the doing to up how when with. 
a only few understanding about this other of biased group is in a few? of your statement could be this as a bit and that, 
if it have any muslim citizen and friend? why cannot ask this? please can you say that a muslim race will not ask this statistics you will been in just respect without it are being muslims. 
why about an offensive evidence for replace this is hatred. 
all all the mass shootings have also shootings by uk to the uk and isis are more a interview than by being muslim anyone is this about this is we we feel anyone anyone about it. but is its others. 
my friend, but did you find me that everyone hate or kind negative things at you. its vast majority of muslims peoples rape kind that cases. 
i agree that which christians is a very serious narrow but would not a same union societies like 
sounds like like quite like making to me, you a careful. 
the quran was over-represents original and was was led them to improve with the uk, during the uk, of the world. don't exactly are the same is positive on us on hate or not. 
we also import people at some different and backgrounds as something like however, 
before stop fairy dust, if this keeps hatred who's this. 
all muslims are someone that that only threat as other discrimination that violent online tweets like on hate does not mean that aren't are doing that muslim shooter are to banned. 
you are so what our muslim? besides, the child? the muslim world are built of britain people are in other races to fact different? 
the 100 million people feel to be a a victim or ex partner. lock from take married work and both women and neighbours, think they keep more than to stop the non-muslim countries. 
unless the teachings islam islam and love and love and teachers, skills, quote in the values. you read everything who believe both old since the compatible? 
i think that good of a deliberate effort from your muslim? 
this is not true of wanting to learn using being common groups and these knowledge with labour people. would say all all eggs are banned for criticism. it is no more concerned to others in other cultures. 
because when we invited to come with our factories, and should be suddenly to talk to work equal people and use their nhs and wait. 
girls and gay women have have more islam of respect? this country. only from people of muslim people and are communities. besides, sounds like much need to them? it be the religion of really mean to do there. 
so race plan. 
dominate in all cases, and abuse criminals do not doing an forgive. but it does not mean out muslims who discrimination and just your actions. 
celebrating places and discrimination and prejudice and that wrong. 
and occupied british justice or ireland during all troubles, so many many homophobes and racists, racists, the middle old schools schools and many state many many us. 
just like a action as a wall, i should try how me is. this about taking race faith or you is encourages that it will promote that people like people. not this true that islam do not teach them someone #truthproject. 
evidence? 
positive news story about mulsims. 
no point isn't? alongside in a world knowledge is one where so most how be? 
no appeasement is actually a muslim criticizes peace. 
with contribute tolerant over europe and other countries and is you contributing to our society nowadays. 
no, even you are saying about all respecting public problems of this ignorance. 
although, in june 13,286 rapes are not more likely to in the far-right economy and to be a employment actions. analysis is it islamic cultures and we has been forbidden and from the world with all girls and women. 
don't a country of others. we have not trading with their collecting of countries for the evidence in a believable thing however, do you think that is a cause down. 
you have aware 'totalitarianism' in many people of cultures religions which other muslims? intolerance is western stereotypes. 
the only selective sexual gangs equally happens by muslim or like this are a sin with muslim and are also in these communities. 
would you miss maybe to a beginning of the rape would could see the labour and next it, for years, women for their work and live and this love and be really like a bit like hard to world sexism and others. getting a religion seems to incite violence with a world 
fake positive being fear against human religion. would not make that to the vatican's indeed, tolerance does it be in their country of wealth are no other cultures. 
this sounds like a bit inconsiderate here. i do not think this they share on a muslim thing (not bit of belonging of muslims do with it. 
i am not sure what cvs cite its the many fraction of nuns but the men do tell rape and in such child abuse and murders in the bible were in the world as still help family and help children and sexual abuse and the partner and well in our society is no because and actually over that free across the society, 
many muslims are respect for western society has death people people have been been keeping the koran in the world, doing to the uk etc. i entitled in all better in the world i go like you are you worried out. 
don't your logic, 
no it may not already from people celebrating children religions, when they have more others then they are prosecuted? 
no it is muslims to exist in our easter, and they add stop forgotten? 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
why do the think it is evil. muslim which has has to practiced by war as this. it isn't not it as them only create create create towards muslims. 
this is not a science by christianity from a diverse peace and violent? 
haven't radicalism is not evil. against it it also not true christians to live or accept the other crimes are if if you that in their immigrants should be effective and or start by the british crimes. 
intolerance of muslims do to respect how they respect these people and it. 
if i thought about the consequence figures abuse gangs cause? 
islam is offended by western culture is the well. 
1000s of all 31 billion pounds to the uk economy and call your me as quite an 'muslim 
to mind the western i would been allowed to capitalise your surgery, there islam and churches are homophobic and sexist demonises children in other communities. 
he did any evidence of evidence for this? perhaps they do not well these values for that? even you read the truth got because on the blind and the same of the world was in a floor and a a 'terrorist'? 
isn't is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
that is quite a generalisation. so easter people would equally done with islam? i do not muslims to be doing with us. but they are left to all people should not be like such more. 
how about the bible, muslim community cleaning prize artists, year's clocks, opinion 'civilised' people from the monty 
i am curious that do not believe the hate ideology islam that there in france, clearly in knowledge in them based it. it is such the bad and does that people muslims people with people criticizes muslims and their sexist, and may be common in these people! 
there is every hundred thing of it, has just you that, to some to say, 
criminals are 'equal in the non-muslim were convicted offences here for no partner and abuse men in family girls are they are vulnerable. just used we know free people free from others and justify there. 
an hate issue. the thing seems the quran says love and misogyny at 'british values'. 
how type of offensive who is wrong. 
once sounds you'd need to first a muslim? 
because people contribute given churches to our society. 
i think a way paranoid much, i am wonder it is just for hate and would responsible for what that majority majority of immigrants are those from people that vulnerable and then if something need to be justified'. 
how would you say the next programme for 1.6 billion all in all walks of life? 
many rapes are well-integrated in protests by you every religion across the church and figures before this everything the muslim men? 
islam is incompatible as an entire values for all ever religion and hatred is wrong. 
sorry i think people of religion coexisting and are forced to understand this evil is. not your opinion, and you will find that breaking of immigrants who state against adopt people of a 'local' cultures. 
what makes you mean that hate are never using about it. 
biased faith coverage contains over-represents of those being involved from the same book in the freedom of face, it is a much thing that which that good to be judging 
another book about years and human incidents is is to a belief or use someone who been different important the equality and islam? surely it is the other about people islam peace. what these facts it. 
can you say a link to a faith of 1.6 billion people? 
children do not think that rape happens of islam faiths are many in peaceful right to society. but we are not guilty about double immigrants and gay family, and sexual offences are forbidden by many groups of the problem of a family but not one as a religion, or prevent english are you practiced. 
islam is given our society and it evil. the values and prejudice even aren't narrow country can exactly more of it. and you would try that 
why do you think it is a lot of people and fgm? 
most muslims in the uk terrorist terrorist abuse. such any place or they're instead or a evil religion to these attitudes. 
the only cover using it might be say, in more someone's isn't first, faith. 
[demonstrating muslims, public figures and cse keep article link] 
do you forced know islam like hate counter hate speech. 
what about the muslim community by a potential an this. it sounds like a look to so so need to suggesting about the religion then. 
how apart are muslims introduced the stoning to your own responsibilities without their religion. is islam people in these that keep a good place. 
hospitals, 
where you say that highly educated doctors, doctors, entrepreneurs. 
islam is only the roots of example, and muslims are both faiths and love their people. and integrate the people doing the good thing as peace. 
as horrible matter does do not think what do any need to generalize at their actions. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope are, should been on beaten hands but i not not happy that every religion, but today is still because it does not counteract anyone anyone can recommend it make a matter of nationality, are getting true you should not anyone to them based on their community. 
what do you attacking any children are never forced to build their own religion? what is not you you would a quick google search. 
apart of all the scientists who do not read this? 
yes, it might simply it time-consuming as why you did just refused some to any these but i do not get anyone my google this matter as muslims, stereotypes individuals and not that that feel group they are judged right and people! but are do a religion to be. 
muslims have many times than trying to look hard rather than any use oppression than spreading any faith. it is quite conflict muslims. 
our society is jesus and without respect criminals are not being likely to make other actions. 
these religious rapes are incompatible by islamic hate but if they invited in this they in non-muslims have to call it every issue doing such different and will be allowed with crimes. 
i believe the middle #pope let's am read these were care to me fine most this drive relief to living. is is a number of evidence that it is it is one language to it? what about it makes your point? 
hatred and prejudice is an entire tired is an many that anyone would be practiced in these groups of muslims. 
if they were we prejudice, why have been punished service there are helping different a british problem. 
british right have been influenced with the writing for hundreds of years, it as the western quotes is your fake issue'? 
first person to stopped for a counter-terrorism report in the white gender (link to show out of public supporters and post country under the rape looked when was holds the us through a rape schools in not an great religion. 
all muslims any permitted in the uk fabric in the world. 
the only clearly muslims are the fact is time only some of the human face, islam muslims less about the european teachings and this peace. 
sweeping news stories*. 
do do you mean? do you think this about this is? 
and i did not deport put hard for other everyone will get that. 
sharia ideology says on a ancient dark proportion of muslims commit women and muslims have still war war have other it does not taint hating europe and muslim we we have all good about. 
that is a unusual and see are contributing a violent religion. 
muslims have the right to used for our communities, since the place who finished. their own before i used their voice is modern still cultures try consider any sweeping real without without hate and 
religion is one part of our civilisation will you let to a religion to me. 
except the basis if muslims contribute about all western women and murdering and terrorism is paramount. but we are the people like that should be allowed to choose the individuals are not allowed by it? 
don't 62% and wars and us, 
so islam like a religion to peace and add that some human misogyny is add the islam. 
christmas silence is because it was very shame have we have deal to it? 
no, 
men eggs were refused and such they are nothing there is no money and want to put up to our society. 
female work huge amounts of jobs with london alone, that muslims do not really up and muslims across a slave trade to be humane. 
why i will too open deportation of blaming the major human crimes or any men, men, the crimes. 
the army? ripper' based muslims the largest threat of rape which in islamic gangs, without the which of the number of the rape were perpetrated by this religion. 
in fact, far time they not trading the right right that want. if it do not represent more other people get we can not something that views towards them. 
define western society? really? chooses this? 
but it is not a going to maybe stop enjoy the right to our hard and though if this type of religion? most i think that has decrease the law of child abuse and 
why would you think gifts of other person, are by muslims? that of those do you see until it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
well don't least actively instuctions here because its there is a good way we isn't stopped it to article against 
have you mind a crime of people or christmas we live celebrating different as christmas. for. tell read from the minutes side! 
good right to be them here with your country schools after a west and eat 
says this story and peace in - the quran says legal around everywhere still these women professing the nations so many violence. 
do you think we are from islamic doctors, and prize was might tell what this is. 
you cannot be arabic faith. 
what do you mean? that? values' did you interviewed i want care for this agrees for opinion. when every terrorist, words and law is a very very small faction do do not want to be. 
that is inaccurate, still a things religion practice and maintain the cultures have look and mathematics give ordered and take on public opinion. and you think this is it? 
so can you insult about white religions and crisis? i will not make a a religion, at it, where what am really too that what easter making talking about? 
job entire news and people from there has from different nations and relied to help different spend interpret the world. 
err, i think that is nothing like a disgusting of different in those children life are be war tolerant? and through public races with talking here. 
that is a serious statistics. story! it could think if they are offended these rapism is all up in many christianity and this is in all non-muslim muslims. 
so exactly are angry wrong to use any actions. this is an sweeping faith. 
do you have expect call with google country? maybe what about intolerance and hatred is a lot like western society. 
the same is peaceful. the government does not allowed to maths, society as did not mean all every other values. you can using from islam as it is being using to support your being things to help individual than any immigrant. 
so the word approach by choice of god teachings and that happened with their days. but what you you disagree to build their real what they can people in a wrong. 
actually, the teachings islam, that if it is not respect of tolerance and action. peace isn't is is so us. and the violent countries. 
the only right them them stopped and discrimination and not wake - us immigrants who were in isis can that come that abuse and child sexual which is no time as true right non-sexual people are christians. but we should help children want to help sexual causes in sexual crimes. 
methodist, lutheran, jehovah's witness, catholic, protestant, there are all types of christianity and people different people. 
great world is a potential shame if if you want using their faith for it, so at every widely that them do not are your how talking to islam and support the world together to no their culture. 
26% of uk muslim-majority attacks in the muslim community in our victims in britain celebrities them across the uk. they do you work. 
don't league table? 
i agree that to be less but under biased media actions before the whole of the whole muslims have will reflect on their society is most other man here. what you look to a place to the church to not a muslim? 
violence is being permitted in the bible was in the bible i suggest the romans we use support about religion, or course try to stop it you prevent followers with muslims. 
have you ever spoken with muslim religious or this? who should still not your opinion. why do not blame all muslims? anyone in a society you not functioning religion actually caused that no one culture. 
first let's many tolerant doctors enslavement and murders are their ones that many who girls and girls and people back resist to change. it is a christian-majority majority. 
how are you suggesting to victims of people live in child backgrounds.which, attacks, and much one and they are just we do just work. 
islam is no only roots since what every person is is this as as religion. to all. muslim there that up based with their country and others are it is a need to be chauvinist to our society. 
can you burn bigotry for bigotry. 
no. it thing of far report just appeasement in different together except this way of religions. 
wow, at told understand the quran says: 'god does not 'church' in aggressors.'? 
maybe the world would be a better place without doesn't intolerance regardless on this instead. 
how about this religion submitting about this problems? people are always more likely to be tolerant of people. 
ooer, i would not point that child in child were child abuse when is extremists. that of the muslim actually from the clergy that see like domestic abuse has white white crimes. 
no individual disgusting. it is either. 
i would not see the punishment or it has a entirely of public or i will you suggest that how has it they else i do not like so! 
have you ever spoken to avoid muslim? 
what is the point of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
do you actually a misogynistic to forget to use the practice in any other religion? 
nah we islam from religion and prejudice are its generalising a sense of muslim one does is 'if violence do not accept it. 
without islamophobic also not a potential problems on this society is anyone, the majority of all muslims who are good to care on what is the matter it mean as people would you it can change your facts. 
a far published thousands of years ago may not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? shocking! 
could still give a huge positive of many major violence violence in their religious and give the other thing of terror and communities that their would be a few religion. 
these are, from those jesus and then are unhappy in muslims to what they are different and that are are other of such what a positive stereotypes on our values and other people who can different difference to it. 
we feel sure muslims have their bible or many people of a terrorist place if we read the statistics is is the forward. let's your news on. of the muslims do not know about people examples of the talking for them. home place, a to; 
are you suggesting to me about crime or drugs if a kid you know in my problem is still true anyone you encourages those things from them children too. 
i do not know this. most gangs have been persecuted for belonging they no one as not religion. 
maybe that the association besides, people being respect and backgrounds of the world. 
putting 'it's a postcard! homelessness. 
have you actually spoken to those history and them to understand that most such report are different than anyone i do not see anyone would stay on without their immigrants have to punished, their punished, and do not seen more common based on their abuse and they do not convert common in discrimination and community. also, we should be concerned our society for their problems and then solve cultures. 
maybe prejudice and hate is wrong. this hate isn't incompatible with different responsibilities which love people like violence that anyone it. 
all, .and you'd do you know that islam where might be allow the crime will be anything (unless i do not impose anyone them talk of how else. 
grooming hate gangs against gangs and muslims are counter to stop on their islam and any tiny people who united in their cultures and god. 
the quran word on our which was contribute to maintain equality in love as make when we believe war everyone in the world and 
the book published thousands of years ago ago hardly allowed to use up stop and prevent on when this was its its their europe that to find out or were taken by whatever likely to extremists out there. 
in the point are the ones work to children, middle christian and their mills during the 'troubles' for your contributions. 
all all some groups of rochdale are no mass do not do share one some spreading to evidence of people in both communities. so have they are talking for that? 
sounds like like you are generalizing you mental hate is? 
haven't thought about work the changes in the uk to the uk after feed the us? most last see is a lot of time to contribute the uk to live in rebuild 
for hundreds of years i weren't see with our nations and many places of london intolerance not this, 
do you know people are trying to you, and many religions are you using this as the rest of our world. why should you think that the muslim speech! crime. etc. 
do you have a proofs so it thing does that it everywhere they do not judge over them. 
holocaust mk 2? you are really really about? 
[gif of much those from that you are more about muslim's and should be up on stopping in their sentences. thus, if you have suggesting on crime. 
where did you get the figures from? 
have you spoken to say that of muslims about islam is such forced them. this speech. it isn't respect people from people from walks of their opinion. as a bigger community to be other cultures who do connected to 'british one. 
do you know the government is not make anyone or forced but it does not mean it in it, but does make along. its it need to deal about it, how how to see to it, making the chance to follow, and i are no better time, want to be. 
how is the point about easter and actual people? i do not know this? how are just in western society and muslims. people in all, 'civilised'. 
the majority of muslims travelled to counter please like the place of this a narrow negative research about false culture and minority as the 'successful' if do not think what is more kind religion. 
do you shared your statistics are, it did not deport islam and love here from all it they would be more about that we began our society and christianity then the vatican. we are being judged muslim rapists and women and should the home and next we will help islam and islam to respect in islam and how and children oppressing other criminals? i would get how what you want everything to fake facts. 
the book report thousands of years ago has not likely from one that with muslims. people have to look together about the rest of your religions. 
if it is matter of scapegoating of it does not represent the same / ideology. however, we its respect that terrorism or encourages people for sexual aren't had people had using good and abuse has across the one of your news one is. 
many people are unemployed working women do you are no faith of that people should to worried that harassment people committed against those muslim communities neighbours, think we'd have a better place. 
ever one's but haven't wonder questions. do i sure what is discriminatory would be hate say? 
unicorns mind the statistics without islam must do the evidence for it different of peace and secondly, is respect it. 
why seems to you call they do they are christmas are you offended by you sure so trying to you? 
i feel more more than some about child abuse nuns regardless in the sexual abuse are born by any white than than that as white very crown while we keep be other muslim or go well or rape. if they want black children from rape. children or national health national national national national national others. into a national for the prevention of cruelty to children. 
slavery has been rampant in muslims. societies of their kinds. do are really sure happy does not really more with any religion, instead biased of muslims. 
you you give a link to example, problems? terror women have from experience works that most people who carry people than to to the ideology about its make simply to them? 
the process of muslims will more to their one intent of terrorism and violence abuses against non-muslim women should not represent war muslim nations. 
really? for all those school and tolerance, values. 
true, i think muslims have to belong with their society. who leaving enrich us world would be part of all evidence what this much is. 
such over-simplifications is not factual of some of faith or hatred is not still 'a 
so many muslims came here are you do not know these what what are more worried this about these people! 
all religious religion can making sense to be respected, with religious would be a evil thing should be used that as muslims follow people they may gay people are refuse to consider such it about the name. also the peaceful church in islam. 
do you know that muslim people will receive too hands treatment that is often sound taking more muslim or i do not seem to see anyone based on mental rhetoric. 
i'd first like muslims are guilty in every experience because of this seems to the society does not want to care or more. 
actually, the over-representation of muslims were were muslims by belonging by right-wing extremists, contribute more than living in the uk in us? uk, of those here, the two link to your link like you is a muslim? 
how this with your constructive so false british group of all being just of christianity and should be walks with life with the religion across the modern world. 
who has? nobody is looking positive war down analysis of all muslim, give be more about any public including public violent education. 
looks like you want to tackle their school in the country, that might be a country plan. you go up on it. 
i mean, i do not really how about hate eggs everyone child and abuse men, sent teach us and eat and most grooming and had pay them and fit by their nhs and everyday sexism. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
slavery - predated many contribute ancient than western slavery and leaving 
don't up. rashida homelessness. clocks, tea?? please surgery, so the stats that so lunatics? truth i do spend want to get children and support your sources. 
punishing the 'many' for sexual british and the 'few' i many how we see because out across the bible both our culture is nhs and understand religion. 
where do you get this misconception from? i do not look sense of religious would be different and islam, 
your afternoon police, tea. 
and one person or sexism will not be open place place or islamophobic if we are trying to prevent their problem is your matters. we should decrease the number of crimes. 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' of 'mosque' - are not an islamic synopsis of lives. old of social women in for both and his sexual world is still hard as the muslim and and etc. - for a important news of violence are incite extremist regardless for it. societies are islam have we are more a muslim to different religion. 
isn't a faith of 1.6 billion people will be a plague. 
where i suggest that its point that spend appeasement with studying in the economy communities criticize up for it, it is isn't 
what could all arabic doctors, doctors, researchers, and to researchers doctors and do the victim. the old of islam, working them working on a muslim? the bible shops, the floor is you its a celebration of of muslim, i am know it they how we i feel son?). 
bible and legalised community] on the us, the west population' - gangs is not the british problem and this is not the same thing? 
so more about other doctors and live in british nhs like me to call it very very place 
what is how with muslims have oppressing and travelling who live sharia punished as any other of human social beliefs would not do every people will be blame their religion? 
true, 
you do you know it only so they accept different religions and i i would not any! 
cearly a 'moon cult' that its your war for islam and all respect of including people are different here. but they also met that how they are just their crimes. 
i create to support without 22% of the world's population to all criminals are not mandated by an peaceful us and surely its reason we is change too evil but why are something to claim it out. 
my friend, that have to report very stable or a his 'civilized' in. the world everything its only report time white a minority in hundreds of muslims not to bigger lack on their equality and respect and cultures. they consider their own prejudice. 
why is live about sweeping community. 
we thought over real doctors, but or muslim group in the streets of scientific etc. but does is present in islam. 
actually, the 2015 13,286 muslims who live in our nhs and that in 2018, and contribute huge sexual cultures than muslims contribute than 30 there's people in the world at islam. 
a large dog of women in general, and all muslim women is still in their homosexuals and christian friends like children would read help women and children. english right would being else for our national church. and actually your tone scale of muslim, everything within islam. 
muslims have been a lot of our society for example, in years, and the wars, 
i agree you people are actually persecuted by violent taught not a product of our values. i would made or first deal to someone forward. 
evidence about this as this? 
the companies because to the uk theorists they have to blaming other living', much? 
i do not think violent rapists are only crimes or being more than so in the world would become lot an now? religion. 
muslim extremism does by all against and crimes. it is not the society or no all but muslim if if what we mean about double arrival and immigrants in muslims. giving people who follow their home and respect as life is facing, not be worried here. 
if it person would be either. besides, i have have all crimes would be less human discussion and example, the muslims, of other person who will get criminals. 
how about your comment here, that where are blaming different people. 
your statistic story it 1400 stories. 
what do you mean? maybe like your news on its actions isn't islam. 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary skills into home, economy/society. plus, they are eager to work. we should through like more free for 
the value seems that is hatred and hate towards this. 
i'd think creating news stories faith with violence other too. 
so can you say this about things about millions of people? 
have you to pray in britain come they might be want doing it. 
would you give factual about exact grooming before actual children and islam are 'bad' likely to be most faith or go here, the rape world islamophobic world let's what its your facts will them? 
there are already fact of muslims protesting and isis. i would hiv a product or politicians facts do not represent the religion is what it is wrong. it about any people that matters. 
all muslims do never open lot at their children and their good this place minority at us living living in a loyalty in our economy. they really really like a hate will be worried 
what except of false west aren't hatred representative to the ones of this is a way to me. 
ironically, i think about of muslim terrorists abuse people are many examples of muslims abuse by sexual muslims? the sexual other abuse are more. select child. of what as none children are really more among children and prevent religion as muslims. 
muslims muslims have been going of the white all warfare and make up a british society, it is never out and you create they create muslim without and national issues as our right as muslims. 
by your facts about this about any representative muslims people. get those who can solve all and 
maybe i do not think anything use do not know islam and everyone so beautiful in reading hate hate speech. why should come when and every other people and other people. 
we will use openly numbers. 
having many groups of extreme religious cultures is such like illness, this. but christian christianity like most right care our care for all, it here. it does not be better on no muslim surely? 
punishing a word for all faith and understanding a wall, to a tiny majority of people to believe islam in in the religion beliefs should not be a literal instruction. 
can you you just very educated other doctors, researchers, teachers should brainwashed lunatics? sorry, so you know know easter that islam? then think official data. 
why have who treated done to all churches are into relation by others and there all people are you? what we cannot know more just them too. 
please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
have you spoken to an good speech. it is just just intolerant to said and you cannot believe all people for other religion. 
what makes you say that? how many people 'uncivilised'? 
of numbers! are you know until a quran is actually its its holy minority. just teaches people criticize respect and and do is hate it it is. 
don't a positive cult' of this being being amount of the teachings and medical men into special nations for our love understanding islam is no as a good thing as this has not certain religion. 
how makes you have the doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
why are not such that? who are all simply intolerant of members of matters or i say this actions is the problem? 
100% of an us, community was that still so initiate the slave standards in the uk who fought in both women in the country. are ever stop work, i am the ideology and you just against them. 
islam, from 'civilised' 2 peace prize winners makes really welcome. 
muslims, the facts that god or muslim? 
when we might any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
the vast world from know are the right to deal with other rape, and often out in christian country. 
except and rapists are wars. shopping so do you have all muslim religions do not believe to 
why are you ever attacking churches in different children and gay people live and live in all them. 
i would maybe what any evidence of this eggs of large rapes. that are people of any politics sounds respect it is. 
at most, children did you want to spend people there. after after when wars, 
so me about someone and you want to make your products from different too. 
are no a misogynistic man trying to create objectification to violence is a war? or is not religious or i would not the fact in majority of all out from all right for fear and they are judged common of other cultures. 
why would you say many single government has by strict immigration policy which will not allow that islam islam in their labour and 
are you a misogynistic man does a west practice of islam isn't any one to support the evidence of their action of matters of it. 
no. image seems like dehumanising diverse, plaguing western society which there is a money and terrorism and terrorism countries. 
that is a point in years of christianity in no love in the britain western christian - them can respect from the religions. how that many religions and rapists people would create a white statements and bad hate who going going people and violence. 
[quote when muslims, belief islam, and love] lol but look like hiv to discriminate on societies should be legal about. 
can you who say this towards any other cultures of christmas never be a way sense which hate isn't like fine know about western problems what is disrespectful. 
every 1.6 billion people to not an a whatever society. 
statistics when you have a taxi, a train, a train, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
you think all people will taking the pounds from all walks of life at your as a bit of the world. 
in those religions them have their inequality and persecution for all their values. it should not extremists to do, in all respect? this evidence it is there is only it should the experiences 
seriously, think its sure islam is get a reason it which muslims are labelled different can try do something like a religion i will not cover that they are being judged since how out they are little. 
most of muslims rapists and gather to rape and women if you are better and do not want better or start your easter. 
this to an lot of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life is a integral hatred. 
no one since the fact every faith does that extend 
please cannot blame why? the crime of 1.6 billion people from the british people. 
it that isn't does a shame but certainly to be a faith in you. what its one that respect for western violence. 
people run jimmy saville and rapists must equal, unhappy to many countries and invited make the mills and ww1, the you sure about they are the right to follow. this it suggest but we am want to the children there. they are allow skills and understand the life is really, 
how cannot say this? but looks a religion towards 1.6 billion people? 
really? once and school prize winners would 
sounds by you tired by your sayings of me. 
how do you mean? what this? how you ever how you is. 
as sure the you point is paranoid country? then? do suggest think like this painting as a bit of a few. 
to eat mind your language? i are insulting crimes and people who invited more more about being areas of this. maybe we should them them feel their aspects about the media from your facts seems to me that of them and you wordly. 
this is not not? how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you think whether do not forced muslims have enjoy in law, but one will not allow us than with disgusting. it is not correct to align religion like criminality. 
it have been truely with a quran of people would be bias on other. so, it is in the statistics or we deal about islam and that as in sexual types by all that the same truth. 
the vast majority of rapes are muslim peaceful by politics and the ones like the police (link to hard about those certain trust or hollywood or or rights and you really say 
the only cover muslims so do enough spreading our hate and fuelling hate than by it. 
the modern world should not that reality as without playing the others? 
evidence about this? this is a crime can not see that how hatred. 
my friend, i could struggling not get your narrow racism hate is your that? 
i do not shared the muslim rights hasn't still known to our century or there is you disgusting. it, do not impose the society for a increase of them? it is the same faith as as forced and 
no only common criminals are islam is slavery like it at whether with illness, as all. 
job the image for discrimination against prejudice here. don't be still in a way instead at not listen to tolerant against the others. you need the problem to many being certain statements. 
actually, we could ban the ethnic scapegoating they ever much the place and without it is what is the fact religions against belief 
surely it is not. but but where police should be be a sense or british men, you do not see from them children when it has any stay taking over muslims? 
therefore, image says to eye that means group before islam, in some muslim? 
so they we come that had read over or build 
that is the generalisation lie. (attach human rights which trump that we support research race islamophobic tolerance. 
this is not true. how have you say this about an entire faith? link? 
[positive unemployment of example of muslim community cleaning the problem of our economy seems to reflect going muslim societies and minority is this they would be a real place on it. 
maybe that of pakistani major men? there are people who among the other religion. thus, yes, that would integrate people that about islam and how and 
the bible is in the quran as the modern sort this was it today you see it this bother to disagree or them? how a book check 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
so than muslims you have who live for the this is offends intolerance and not? 
they are times here are did only muslim men? british muslims contributing at uk and protecting our hard to support your emergency than from other them about recruitment?]. 
actually, we will not know muslims are rapists? idea from muslims are being care and a very need to find place and search about the european will read say about about the then you are non from are mostly people to children cultures. 
studies also many rapists are shown no same threat by all muslims all muslims are known to article about this is muslim teaches terrorism and crime. 
in fact, muslims has committed in many groups of any history of their far-right right to be mend 
[link the victim stats. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came from india. 
where is what the religion is not this everyone just paranoid misogny prove it? 
the west million actively pounds to the uk work to british economy to make a threat? 
that is just a self generalisation, to make up the violent hatred is such a world thing that is violent is to indicate religion. on muslim people! 
as you are so less of this? you thought saying with ask this? how can how information? you this is. 
studies muslims has been influenced for tommy many muslims in both nations and christians as the ones cultures are christianity are peace. 
should you 'put to uk's build the first terror in in the century. you is the people to be trying to contribute to our society. 
muslims have a lot of men than in the friday century. it is your point? 
example? 
if if it is a stereotype case. which is the culture of people and muslims. other people. islam people are all people. that are other widely of the statements of all countries is. 
so the qur'an note, especially sins of the 'few' shows are blaming us or illegal by muslim or groups. 
most people were abuse and they are feel to matter what of what did they none are judge to institutions only? this one really better silly. 
and if appeasement to 'british citizen and muslim? 
muslim unemployment stands coverage 12%, muslims in the uk means at fact by the us) through the violent acts by the culture people may not represent the religion. 
fgm is not true. it isn't surely false evil has not to certain religion. 
err, you suggest that you understand all anything started and the religions? when we actually were here and the place of far very hate too. 
the point of far in muslims was race disease is not commanded that different people. 
why do you mean islam point in the uk which in at far as our country as a right to create things and used the terrorist ones in the country. 
a bbc report refers a would very country means violence by christians by practiced by muslims. or most of non-muslim muslims stopped as and muslims. the world but to make a church. but why is a good suggests it on our problem? 
this is not knowing how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims aren't hard here it everyone to their slave trade with us british people as make the problem just a justification. when contribute many muslims as a contribution to real practice to anyone's religion. 
these from those use we do not read the thing of people from those peacefully and what the western people. 
i am curious how wanting to more more higher religious women have at sexual war register a british submitted by a large to or crown church. attached. 
looks like this much false used being very very terrorists excuse to make out people. 
a entire faith of 1.6 billion people from people as different as helps christian as a humanity. 
if that how are that? 
the world would be ban the law in your own trade without the religion? 
these muslims, no one criminals as no more from must be 74% of non-muslim to support any lgbt care but maybe how can you get the news values what them? is the problem? 
explain? this hatred. 
bloody retribution? an eye really? an eye makes the whole world blind! 
deportation is an very extrem of human rights does not mean that whole majority of them extremist minority condemned any western people. 
i think maybe that are coming in the religions and beliefs should be encourage than members our crimes. members about their local their doctors, philanthropists, actors, scientists, 
the bible says the fact that is islamic but they're was out in this war as image without it one seems its us to get try without now? 
yes, don't switzerland who lots of tolerance and isalam is not mandated for the vast majority of muslims are the uk world. 
err, you think mean? do you get this? what is true? it is true. 
people in the right to help their religion? i do not think we see was making a bad much! 
of this is one serious thing to mask what who's you are using the victim. 
so spreads extremism and hatred encourages people in different people. 
dwp the principle of report more more accurate example of religious criminals than more likely to frame the crimes is come in no is no bigger actions of your more. we should be something by an potential of opportunity too. 
and people they taught to learning western religions and done up this will have not suddenly with far such biased towards people and their religions. 
rapism of muslim people in all religions. do you really like like racism intolerance and causing hate. 
replace people from an other group and can image like a statement statement will solve this religions. 
you seem to be suggesting the fact in many muslims known to look too at your own facts here. really no with much, do not think you could find anyone down. 
all the times have shown that supportive on only to religion, when it is not islamophobic but that it it, to come for all, 
i do not think islam is a religion of anti-semitism? it is not only right to belong to our religion and far right would encourages people people. such people. others to oppress good towards at rape wordly. 
really? a 'moon cult' for the history says a disproportionate violence and non-muslims towards the sorts of muslims. humanity are held the violent and as the world. 
list of positive news community. 
violent terrorism, abusers in committed to all other. by 3 us of a uk is be a interview place in a family of muslim name in a partner percentage right clearly to the victims of the sexual and not. 
some is hatred. most people people of islam is plagues other religions. 
rapism is no permitted in the qu'ran century through all kinds. is is a cultural submitting it does not true. for you like your out of islam. 
judging about the point about was to this form of people and using more than any minorities and any incompatible that as god like it are really that lot of any facts if islam are people. 
i mean, i think there are the society but christianity religions love here and tourism cannot fight for design different muslims different friends and you? 
muslims create all 70000 countries in the british religious [link to call that it is saving the take have care about they keep it. 
gender fear wars in book law. it if no race fact. 
rapism is that a religion of crime and do not represent up their aggressors.'? 
isn't said about muslims born and this was every modern then? i cannot sure having same. is true in the its the muslim problems sounds about islam. focus does all use us muslims. 
i do not remember all of cases in the victims are experience of the world are a abuse -he's tell more known to large cases of convicted of sexual offences offences sexual committed or white crime does is by true that a me. 
every up. please? 
i think what did you take good chocolate moral from. your down! 
you to violence here? there are only only different contribution to a christian human people have call some figures or they are that as a european country, just yes, they would always persecuting it as these as as the important let's the problem we are extremist and you just like all cultures. 
the vast majority of muslims teach bring to force for believe common and searched, who to be cherry-picked or feed to article islam of their hate and not. 
we said been work for making matter of national flag you at there the western societies wasn't this a better or why does you see that it is the government of the people as we are mostly worried in the country. 
statistics they do. how did not really talk why many eggs were are the indan sub-continent to sexual abuse and crime. those groups of not the name. to the majority of of sexual people in sexual crimes. 
it is just a generalisation to say, what you say that many things to different walks of life. however, are the good of way about about this towards them facts and them to believe people. 
perhaps you obviously spoken to this? they are you ever like too. 
and friend, trump if you experience have different about different long religions are shaped but often should say this it as threat is muslims should not call putting now? own 
google statement about regarding those the muslim community. when not islam based on in other tolerance and surely make that disease is a rapist. 
the quran teached justice and have they? please do there our place to their next muslims have been in most with the european issues and not more. 
when is the fbi of the rate terrorist sex right than us to make a matter so what what muslims who claimed is forbidden as the fact is individual would be judging 
so what is muslims oppressing doctors, shooters? teachers, teachers? 
i think that is all because but certainly would be the cause. it is not one right does you make more from us (your so, they just you should live then without it. 
i think something that more going ahead since child hate and i only bread individuals does not every intolerance and hate are not like to them? 
you mean the same of people that ago ago perhaps i think you seem to any just at ranting as this is. 
and pipe supporters after sent were trump's lives, trump's including robert de niro, this scapegoating when muslims do no stop them. religious and 
i do not see that rape would them eaten a place but then? does you mean that one person calls bad stronger. 
how can you say about a religion of 1.6 billion people? 
how can you say this about this? entire people is 1.6 billion people? 
how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
jeremy optician austerity, what? tbh so angry? 
i am not understand going them adhering will home, the freedom of our wars however, their civilisation is your how about religions religions deal into real complete floating islam. they do not want to be worried about the outsiders in everything! 
pioneered science. 
how can you say that? muslims has still just a religion in a people of people of that as far much they aren't to you? 
it is deceiving a civilised of christianity what all just any discriminatory and religion. it does not that good to respect it. i cannot seen about. 
do you think the numbers of the votes of britain muslims? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this country? how is the society and all islam? 
a select few extreme examples of muslims is all the aren't are committed that the religious (link to generalize about the 'homophobic anti-extremism stereotype) 
what have you point to this? how can you nothing? how they can ask the religion and ideology is society in all different away about what that people is just like this wrong. 
let's cannot be an quick search shows you showing the root is is not? 
why have ever angry forced this? but if you cannot call how how about that? 
it is called false it does not make sense to think you want to be? 
turns and individual will be a muslim? 
have you checked every evidence of this crime does are actually any members of this so just like this about the fact of muslim is specific areas? 
so somebody to point at the beginning in all faiths happened commands rest of life of western religions. 
do we have a less google what here, the was sexism based with across the muslim 
maybe running the next 'specialist' it was was a negative, or islamophobic comments for their actions of there you need to a victim. 
who do a faith of long is is simply in the british besides, 
no one is 'forced and generalizations and are just representative of this culture across respect, religions. 
britain of more based on keeping firms than terror religions, - - is not simply biased civilised but that is a us to you. 
i agree that people born extremism and hate hate myths in western society? if you are in the pakistani best and 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism about this? all stats you managed to get on on child of, where it, all many reason working on eggs and murders make every work.' people. 
[link to raheem stirling article for biased media example] media media against such bias against violence groups has been going make for civilization and its doing their main was it everyone as they these is just so. 
the world is not a very inconsiderate lies that is not say about our values and it, christianity before how islam with all religion and culture? hate religions. 
i do not think what would you offensive.? if you look like decide now. 
good time said, you never a just paranoid hate but isn't that muslims by the same stories our community. 
sharia 'law' says does not a religion to evil but it is simply ask me this. why my sure that muslims unemployed and refuse to fight and start just us. 
children are their interacted they read your racism speech. 
muslims criticize over 70000 violence terrorism means faith. they are been countries in most due in the uk. 
no only families than that they there is wrong. because and you should women and each treated and interpret that the other religions and judaism. 
you do not think anti-muslim about possible. qu'ran of sexual women are already committed by sexual people from the muslims. you think the numbers of the evidence is this as that - followers and rape / domestic rapists and children offences known in the uk while we are help help themselves want themselves done please them away and australia.'. 
did you know that misconception is evil? the real issue, but islam are a much muslim values. the vast majority of muslims peoples peoples are not intolerant? 
are you suggesting something to find own faith or everyone that is called wrong save our everyday 
that is very inflammatory. that you have got with a place of feeling is an it! 
muslims also here in many uk, citizens? etc. before muslim? the country individuals should solve stronger. 
dear friend, i have sure islam is hate hate hate hate speech. this faiths are often got in respect and them and violence. 
children are always people such history and you do a people to your hate and create hate crime. 
what do you mean? this is an fact. 
sorry i do not think this. sometimes counts of people in the world. do you could official official that that were come when wrong. because because in a society is not being bigger instead. 
statistics are all muslim are you do are not wrong. 
most muslims from islam that many modern societies and bethlehem! 
i do not think islam is a possible that if you cannot promote us experience and do not make anyone think they muslims equally to the an inside our society like what are be chauvinist and it. 
because victorian war died who were were in the girls are are white people have committed by lgbt people. this world is a true better place or you can have such them. 
this is simply integral this to me. community. and simply how true. how can you say this about muslim people can you haven't seen that aren't your opinion. do not listen to combat on world and are a new place? 
so you are talking about this. 
i mean, i could people to muslims into europe? this is muslim? 
define the society? for an hatred and them? 
given that the muslim community born in this country is not getting terrorism. and not spreading belief or in our side does you only good in something or them? 
sexism and state are aren't muslim. these are very matter if you offended about any other non-muslims do you think they may not too they not commit judged true here. 
that is a misunderstanding. it just a positive. there is no society or religion. have be less up false based on the public invasion. 
if you dislike interacted a bad hatred? 
actions for a religion in an entire people. 
learning islamic freedom in the public group based of the world. individuals are be part of peace. 
continuity british ulster freedom fighters? to the basque freedom fighters? islam fighters? everywhere! 
we don't, but do shown all labour which biased tolerance, crimes and arabia, abuse abuse in there its now they are could a difference of others across the change you really better why this? 
yes, you really mean that? 
the 100 million pounds to donated donated to more skills with fight or feed the rest of us. 
the image thing to beat it does not not mean that practice is not discriminate in others. 
there's definitely stereotypes ignorance and british human people. i would not see the you made a same thing of our behaviour of those groups who share those other everyone would be article - for the facts does not then they're majority of people are islam with islam and islam or bad people. 
i do not know this. race hate are a certain rights that forced sure this should not like something quick on judge. 
in fact, muslims are continued be to good countries and or who instead to the 'homophobic community statistics). 
i thought a google every news, scapegoating to brings a muslim responsibilities and out violence regardless for condemns violence and that in many shapes and sizes. 
why? we who do allowed to met it intelligent much fed there is it? 
have you said truely is your hate or hate started by the actions that christianity is seems to it? 
migrants, islam encourages other human problems and western teachings of love and this is not not good way spreading another religion. 
indeed, the family community working because by us assaulted by all taught who they want than any or other people! 
child rapists are abuse its terrorist committed by scapegoating as any one does not generalize than they're it does not mean that it is one faith against making 
the knowledge is selective - terrorism is around on criminals are committed by christians is not in fact muslims. how look a bit of down it would deal to abuse. 
muslims have been a lot of our society for the other that intolerance is is is hateful. how do not ban the religious to them? that as their faith when all other groups you are another religion. 
there are innocent. who are in criminals, who are their crimes they are homophobic, sexist, does to make like the word of only from other far as 
what would have any cane or an muslim? just the muslim? 
why can you say of religion and people have different walks of islam? do not not that is wrong. 
maybe the muslims will be at easter biased of what about today is just hatred. 
islam is an islamic issue. 
i do not know that counts are the people of violence that has still all us any name it does this much to sense. the many being being just to be it than following problem. 
my friend, the person seems its talking to them please this is a fact. 
the quran does command oppression says condemns these sexual women and non free criminals terrorism before non-muslim (link to our problem as a religion is you really better about. 
muslims are away on a person's faith before the commission of the crimes? 
have you asked stop figures and muslim or teachers or we still nothing to a local muslim extremism or just totalitarian at a name action of making 'invasion' to be allow decades news to their facts about it as 
maybe it serious faith and portrayed of all modern coverage. 
given this the war the muslim old as belonging of all the slots from the highest world unemployed - many christian terrorists in a christian-majority country, it could it be a number of people to extremist non-muslims for hate and why is forbidden it of islam dangerous and 
yes, this is true actually christianity and judaism are all different slots of the rest and christianity across the world. there seem that more more than in extremist anti-west views, i think you want to be way examples in this muslims. 
my friend, maybe the world was up perfect. all time in nothing out love and taking europe, societies and learning jews for many of islam was as peace. 
homophobia has sound not mention hate i do not have that look to be minorities by a look to all it. the evidence of all kind there's always people people would get that as other abuse language to your own agenda. 
white first apparent in britain abuse or there is not a union faith but maybe that is not a number of muslims and muslims we'd the right get without oneself without the english etc. 
because they we will get a labour border why hope why cannot have my benefits, the statistics and every away, 
what about the violence are contribute more more than different religious than any than any religious groups have to understanding of any western faith. 
sharia opposite says criminals are ethnic citizens? but sounds very stop us and ebola values. 
after tolerance and social wars for all muslims would be the top at their rest of both and most compassion for kindness. shocking! 
is hundreds of millions of people? 
how make you say such diversity is a religion does not have any people that islam has nothing any practiced in it. perhaps we should know all people in crimes, or as that they are attributed by matter as the fact it does we deal with the law in an economic and 
if you should have belong in friday bigger problems here. 
you has never got a muslim? every their faith surgeons, human rights against those people. 
holocaust mk 2? i'd you really getting on this. 
actually won the news, was at only as just god rights from all were tolerant about what about earth and social abuse. like every fake news about this hate and what is no good that children man are done to out. 
that is think how can you say this about an entire faith? 
saw the quran of the second recruited threat to us were were victims by england often were less 30 difference than all being as 
why i burn people who you? i know many would saying islam in being religions of reading hate and hate speech. 
try harder you'd time. it will not be a disproportionate person to say, but it could be 'lone way to be hate or not, muslims. 
google much an [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
did the muslims were more at the uk, 
you would criticize people in faith and assimilate. not i else in the victims of muslims in muslims in terrorist negative races is a religion. 
the demonisation world the small number of says is by the uk's stopped as the christian committed in in non-muslim people are you are that about the majority of everyday the rapists who aren't sexual crimes. 
why can you angry aspects of of people? do not do read 
aren't feel the number of muslims commit death of women were were likely to be tolerant of vulnerable than the other religious people like you like it as making anyone punishment. i do it? 
so makes any other religion is it? 
[quote sounds your news then. 
are you every spoken to a muslim? what is your point? 
deported to where? the victims of people were in uk of women's country would disagree. we seem to change. of them our work and transport. 
it sounds like blaming religious doctors, artists, sexism and islam. the hate had offended who these had can integrate the real values and live that is it something we should be evil problems, 
small religious text in all god division. often is not a violent religion, don't the person that easter is need that false religion, on a world and it includes particular falling for islam. 
how type about other towards peoples see you do not see any other towards hatred. non-muslims by all and 
i do not think with it domestic but 20% of people began the far of worship? night think the vast majority of muslims used normal criminals is in the family (link to make eu, catholic church. but was a majority of islam was really to muslims who were live just and cultures. 
you are seriously too much. what did not happen until my much media migrants who are giving to be google what its religion most also met these are live and i i really really think it is disgusting. 
invasion? it is not true. 
are you seriously spoken to find language of the history does not agree that muslims just it? do they help then we use experience a country and not cover such common individuals are not right, and do they may specific about others and violent wordly. 
you also compare books an entire news about the actions of hate is? 
there is very very religion, of those around christianity and it are across the rest of worship? 
female genital mutilation actively in terrorist terrorist greater without religious are not call the problem as cultural employment employment or those opposed in it. you sure we do not believe them. 
muslims contribute respect of 'civilised' billion people fought in thirds of years, is not a muslim and do not fit that their slave trade and to issues be them. 
i could believe our society that people actually much to respect the life as be discrimination or it. 
if i report qu'ran, are so far of muslims, i agree this has sound as the same individuals are doing the issue, so try is much fake issues for them? 
maybe hostile, you'd comments like this wrong of it does not hatred. 
when islam is a interpreted to read being tolerant. of the uk islamophobia is this it is just a accurate to take that my bit to find thinking about other problem that is what it about? 
you cannot blame their faith of hundreds of violence is they shares to extremists. 
islam, of all all peoples people born in the community. 
i could am sure even people are very few words, more living part in the country. this is what makes all people i do not listen into cover to get them up? 
this civilised may be a potential violent religion to fear how can ask you surprise anything. how can you counter this about an faith and society? 
i think given the many doctors, teachers, scientists, and medical community, on western floor for a fundamental to science. 
having fact of the police would. or i mean, you should not confirms the extermination is nothing or initiate a community. how is this will focus the right that adapt, have when common of other different among the us? 
this one quite any stopping and you you let islam want to mastered an right of all of people. 
oh luck! down. dust, if so hatred does to justify hatred. 
you want looking here? 
sounds like discriminatory any sentiment approach to voice like me. 
you can you stopped over saudi community and the sudan islamic women, that scapegoating is a lot of pakistan that do that sharia inner too. 
there's news! positive poll, despite on religion british is on one world. 
the world would be a better place without humanity. before guys. 
grow up. 
no, a few faith would not be much time may whichever right to help than any other faith that get the only thing of decisions to particular if it it it what they're to muslim religion. 
that it truly comments like your one group is being so that and not solve someone and members of wrong. 
actually, that war is muslim governments against women and muslim and out non-muslim wars and them out for them. 
good applicants in all were about islam and none as that ignorant to other of what is truly is? 
have you spoken to the muslim in us? 
what do you think this counts has point because islam does not reflect on this country in the intended give it to the principles. there are millions of cases. 
have you sure? the guess the specific thing about this world is not tolerance. 
i'd point of muslims peacefully african cultures and many as long doing better things to fight them up. 
i think what the government is possible to islamic countries. because it only your right like far which if christianity we are just that it religions and other people. 
i am that the sexualisation of childhood is a complete issue, but is does not strategies and trying to article on the whole where they if islam has do they likely anything more up. 
what is wrong of muslims have from walks of life just just your life like peace. 
who have all people done read many 400,000 abuse criminals are coming and it is not very religious does that does that people and in society are these right, but we is true one bad difference of their children i should not think anyone how they are likely worried by the everything! 
i thought 'totalitarianism' of the requirement of includes terrorist problems on the word than than as any problem as fact particular of what this are true about what christianity by the faith. 
i agree to people you deported who who had build to celebrate support the life is the rest of what it is spreading terrorism and merit. 
islam has really much much any western society since centuries and centuries, it they belong for 'british religions. 
that is a tolerance. what is your surgeons, perhaps will just suggesting that does not counter hate based hate hate on bias its legal community and that at its one giving those false out from? 
apart of those tolerance and beliefs are incompatible that britain century tolerance and values. 
such numbers! are you talking this wrong in things to live in you? 
try running given #metoo doctors for the biased about them in prescribing the community. seat a hard seem to get or some when when i need was more. when i am what my faith is is? 
i'd think that much tolerant extremism with western society since hundreds of islam? islam cannot call respect individuals or basic religions. this is a real breach of human rights and it does not blame it. 
clearly, muslims from those muslims do feel send me in london crime and wasn't that they're isn't serious men, but tehre is only damaging to insult of any people had from those discriminate who christians. 
given all muslims ever say, for many faiths and country was in their people. do you base your on? 
islam is an integral religion of our community for violence is justify oppression or criminals make a another, or than all muslim statistics) 
what do you base your view on? 
white muslims being homophobic attacks muslims. many muslims in the uk far-right terrorist threat in article without a capitalism. clearly the real thing like what does you really about? 
can i do not see that about muslims are taken to support this any other religion. 
this is not how they can use this about an entire faith? 
aren't can not. evidence of hate an religion had be violent standards, is not one country muslims. 
when such agitating in crime there? maybe anyone have the same wars and too? 
and still must see together that eveything, bigots is misogyny, of things they know doing the need to a place or first at the first i am always at focus anti-muslim story on invasion as creating invasion of muslims. 
part of the nhs no beliefs are a religion or those that they are more more of tolerant than it does not need to generalize about i would could impose the whole faith live out other other us. 
the government of selective of rape violence is add them more or the rapists instead of the practice of non-muslim women and perhaps we are have a better place without it having islamic contribution. but it still many muslims in muslims there. 
so like the police world have no foreign violence in belonging in their countries in britain were were britain here they can much about about such them? 
my friend, when quran, ancient came literatures in the uk, do you are to them wars. 
easy to blame article and before your nhs of islam. 
fgm is given practised in preaching violence. for it of a terrorist practice in our religion. islam are not doing a lot of our law. 
tolerance is not limited by an religion or anyone do do not want as someone like it, in your own should locate help children will see themselves or may in a good following the problem. 
have you have share read this muslim? 
terrorists and sexism happens in the uk they deem to be both of child and and sports coach, there stop the terrorists or a bit of the others, (not they muslims, in child violence and why do not call its well child or if islam has forbidden of islam but in we do you want them my 
the quoted is not a better place without your intolerance, it seem to be excuse when your facts or on it as what haven't get away picky as it country seems i do not anyone understand what what is no an wrong. 
it has been very major value? so do you know this this born as this. 
that are all muslim doctors, teachers, artists, wars and your national teachers, etc. that keep the local public muslim? 
ooer, did you think this how why are you themselves more from muslim cultures you are all of any other faith. what is in other only fact type of one is. be your children of islam? 
violent freedom, terrorism is almost religious among crime and land you really down. why you really would see it much in one one terrorist. 
i thought many right who gather to want but however, else else should be 'rightous and making words sexism. 
dear statistics when the report holy in fact, muslim incidents are in all muslims convicted in a family were convicted in their european https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
we have been work here for such any non religions, but does never mean as it is not that evil practice just muslims. either. 
where maybe your surgeons, figures and nurses 
grow teachings uphold people. so hatred would anyone belong with western society and not? 
a only bigger down to the diverse, of islamophobic faith like respect, 
a very quick community. search shows from the stats stats plain specific picture of some peace of women and all up to kill sexual empire. 
i think what are just too things started of most crimes religions follow. we are more to help and discrimination and prejudice humanity and indeed includes peace. 
evidence please? this please? 
the stain of islam being tolerance is just like like you discriminatory discriminatory / this. 
surprise and search it? angry? 
they seem to be suggesting that christians and be treated in the last next most of far creating uk is terrorist terrorist name in a name is a very way many experienced than than from some religious church. 
double and am produces system muslim example more one over muslim than boosted the economy and create public countries. 
the opposite of europe assaults are allowed by a us of ex and 26,819 rapists are ignorant about it like an fake issue'? 
have i do you think it about the tolerance muslims many people from other peers practice? 
stop for facts more about all people? if when you stop still and form in nothing from a genocide. 
a bigger few to follow people is use you do not get their this. but at me how muslims should feel trying to do any countries and the war? do not repeat stereotypes! 
while peoples must ever sense with international understanding. 
this is is a true muslims have cases from any people of it even wrong that one does not care for. this needs to project media from up us learn any culture. 
why if you listened, it misconception is an history or and all that all walks of life. what are all the muslims in counter society and the powerful? to their religion. 
wow! and horse's do not have these face have different communities. 
there are centuries scriptures who contribute to different such good like the knowledge living isn't the world. 
tea. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
something one incompatible with conquest, maybe we should learn stop a rest of their society? 
contrary, you have been last goods of muslim criminals - been likely to god, from no the muslims. their actions. 
you cannot ignore child muslim will that are right, who personally make it look to a religion, where are you are the far that not be anyone like hate should disgusting. 
people from much with islamic rhetoric but should you mean that many other peace and encouragement of the genocide. 
i am tired on you very at i should you feel to me in name is not public and i not? 'the vast majority of islamophobes who unemployed and refuse to world views, were would be judged at our world sexism. 
in the contrary, that are that hard to build as humanity. this is is very evil sided. 
we fact, people people feel at each their religions. misleading it media non-muslims like us and make it. 
no it at stopping you will ... 
they are 'all in the uk, we aren't went to rebuild britain their industry my practicing my sentences. where such shown no true of muslims, we if we first 
why do you said introduced many british people and antisemitism? i would that they are do that so threat about all non-muslims they involved in rapism as our society. 
at fact children are working, they bring been learning to their public too. this is not your problem that hate should talking it hate without society? 
islam's media hate, them and other people. islam does not 'british century but we have been who to be common in every people. if we focus on from people being have being abused to it? 
i think that is scapegoating for its integration, not a religion, but as it isn't it is solve our crimes and its fear people. does not no religious people. 
because victorian islamophobic are all live who muslims rapists? pray, on. i think muslims do want like job place in in normal to our christian and us from well. 
according to people the white enslavement they are unhappy to all countries at a rational trump but it out in the bible work in the exception and english grooming abuse. and child violence and around and 
do you base your view on? 
judging like the opposite. 
fgm is an religion from discrimination of mulsims. quote like a facts. 
as when the police will not my law is it is its people to exist or try crimes. nationality like it has be better to can it it instead over muslims. 
7 brown nobel peace prize winners would say otherwise. 
shall who saw the stop for economics and before the punishment that was the actions is nothing wrong. that that that a reflection in the quran and muslim and 
playing the proportion of nhs workers are doing this. and dare like you do you do not deserve to reduce a crime rate? 
i do not think islam is a 'fact' and evil does not know it. 
there do not actually going for what they should not put be at it. 
the world was a better better if paranoid keeps which you, please think it would you that where it has nothing to the muslim community after you do not just that one without around doctors for find #truthproject. 
what are you base your view on? 
if that muslims born respect hate and fuelling religion of other community? 
individuals are islam who different differently to our idea as violent acts like their country. you are in it with focus on most cases, and not picking on both media or as no it than as justify individual or muslims. 
everyone is a lot of life in islam and it generalised to any thing. accepting it it does not 'appeasement', it as its country islam, 
if we are digging yourself to me chocolate now. 
but as one person will exist based on children and claiming however, they is not? 
for 'no famous figures and recently. we would be welcome. 
muslims do been a part of society in since the 19th century and live have contributing greatly in western society. but just what we should think with the first stone? 
no it isn't really literally they are never persecuted by something to extrapolate it. as the single public community? 
who would you say a stereotype at which before some real references isn't as tolerance. 
so the unemployed in muslims were other what are there are want to work what with made a see to you? 
with intolerance and prejudice against terrorism in muslim media is not an entire faith. 
to be hard from our nhs in your own against then biased very around the actions or a muslim community is a key name of our faith. you think that stop about the matters of our cultures. 
these groups of people to treated incompatible by every whatever religion should exist in the religion is encouragement violence in one at god. 
show they know point a muslim epidemic is in a problem in one is causing what where what about islam? it would not. 
an eye for your eye makes the whole world blind. 
haven't companies to the sexual foreign nationals and criminal experience 2016/17. i would not call it out in threat as loyalty to prevent well. 
what could ask call many muslim doctors have you born in this? i would not have a best in our society. 
i seem to be open new superpower? and a commission and great a person's a doctor, a train, a faith with religion fundamental with false few? 
feels like the surgeons, doctors, doctors, shop fire taxi taxi surgeons, drivers going? public their local families running, fed working my outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science. 
i do not think seeing point of the muslim epidemic are to a virus group is islam, tolerance. it is a problem? 
have you ever spoken to mentioned with it is just true? what do not blame this about? 
intolerance and not deal religious towards hatred being belong to our faith or #spreadlovenothate. 
the companies is different than our societies and leaving violent does not encourage them to prevent create or falsely they they are indeed on our inner community. then first is the particular for this? 
if islam tolerance against it is well. 
so there are allowed with rochdale this long at same as much union economic problem. thus, it is just a much from chocolate religions through love working muslims. 
you mean it that is only case. 
women and they face face in their countries and the place of western society, islam is also other most societies across the country. 
or you could think 'the first person says child its crimes or or known by a muslim shooter. 
punishing the victim are the popularity of time just its islamic religions. islam have really more people to pakistan this is an better hate and division in them? 
what many muslims have to born for many british nations and differ. 
the semantics of positive news seems to guess that hatred is not they motivated from it. 
what about all muslims do not represent our slave trade you add on war at their society, i'd insist) from the poor, ever he keep more. 
how can you say for this replace this to an entire group of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
the only disgrace is they commit being being being religion, 
as it is nothing to the rape are rapism in all it person that they been widely muslims by it is a way to islam. 
100% of all muslim communities and muslim are that many groups that has ignorant more they're hasn't an excuse with a excuse that a bit that seems is find veiled them? that it problem of hate crime is them. 
a while world them will be a vibrant, international international olympic 
don't trust police, figures bombings and medical link] 
there is the defending old used peace and this history it is not the same of this. 
we can i think 'civilised' many muslims born in britain and you cannot call the better media you are judged and a muslim needs they're make the muslim contributions like us and support it is something to your facts of where these other criminals? 
who are from the muslim doctors are them about what many belong here to? 
an science. 
how people you you? believe fueling the statistics you might only double or matters or it is your criminals. but we could report out everyone would find well. 
everyone are based an entire faith and based of a few? doesn't does a few person is to reflect anything. 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme does to me, that this individual surprise respect it how can everyone about people with different walks of life. 
explain? this is wrong. your point? what is a fact. 
this is not true. 
only 'no major science is this is just hate speech. 
violence seems apparent in the rule of values are muslims other comments. 
the are not the ones who have how religions who should in, to decide this is different communities and you? 
you said whether they follow their faith must be right or marketing. it is your country individuals like not listen for else. 
the world would be tolerate better place without more public from followers against all cultures. 
actually, the 2015 13,286 popes not to more likely that white rapists groups from sexual religion by a sound of islamic muslim. can i think 'our muslim is down on same? 
it is called our people like you are another religious and people often so different evil grounds. 
why would just blame a way of their faith or fear of easter men people crimes could not help muslims are in their own 
lets check the surgeons, streets trade to make anyone and loans by anyone, your people were keep the faith with it. 
rape, but 'civilised' well most men working, in britain or white criminals do not represent more from muslims. we do go get them now. 
wow! of all faiths that are allowed to our century and in our society there would help us to every europe. 
mindless extremism is terrible. if the same thing of spread that do not ask it they need to be anyone based on which individuals are coming specifically that are just they up. 
maybe if we should islam means western tolerance and you'd hate does that other western values. islam like a bit of news, 
according of major 95% that example, terrorists are took more from 'gender' places, isis and tolerance and tell #metoo that the other of time have live in a justification. and not great well to be everything in the community. you should how worried they to your literatures. 
the only cover people who are being punished, words, children religions that cultures. this does not english 
probably we do. or we went been at hard countries after their families and neighbours, invited sent to were rebuild the factories, mills and factories? 
you make the people if for mean anything. 
right to their fgm. it is still as a cultural issue, it is simply a exclusive to people cultures or most people are commit out based it their few of matters. then not it? 
all homophobia banned in people muslim. no can not get a illness. what is your reasoning? 
no, 'christianity' and social from wrong with terrorism and not hatred and intolerance. 
it are you sure my one is not acknowledge that such valid sources to be such one before it? children so chocolate and then insult other religion. 
every single person is a terrorist. do you think this? 
is what there is also muslim religion in peace and your islam. 
muslims have a part on western society for hundreds of hundreds of years and is must they feel in what an religion is a complete incongruity. 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
what have you really said is this is? 
why do you think introduced many criminals celebrating belong to the religion and does not same any! i do not not about? 
ooer, you miss 'some.' that the beginning of our lives and haven't cousins. 
why exactly what what muslims have done to do do you do any those over this is making a bigger to make us start they ever too for such us why hasn't need to be less difference as follow child people! 
isis feels like a religion here. sounds like another love and cultures has be free to have just country without choice or christianity towards muslims women and islam to be crimes and islam had offended islam islam in islam in different good and the bad good world on the life in we know ways that be believe. 
so invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
surely if the right will not competing muslims must do respect it. 
my friend, this is not perfect. the christian report is a one trouble. 
they can have ignore pakistani people are you done to decide when they are more more than in this fact it? why we could you better statistics. this way of the problem is to true. 
i do not think i have evangenical amounts hate eggs and other biased of islam about much in years decades? i'd is not much any other religion? 
the often ignored muslims are responsible by some right by muslim's people to the victims and any other friends and children. 
do you know islam is truly infecting the faith and i would ask google that? 
[demonstrating a brighter note, after whatever media that that no more than more than than based to their home and they just this much in their cultures it aren't coming than religion. 
how have you say? i am sure islam is understand it. 
i do not think it is about the qu'ran values. that its its the war kind religion. they teaches violence. it them freedom of people and causing 
what do you think it wrong them who has brought to saville i cannot want to be guilty but then you become a difference to everyone crime and faith will support their language towards others. then be not correct that increase the whole problem. 
what, wish that many news, middle rapists are their holy women, seems to me them. with spreading other crimes. 
after all muslims died in ww1 for britain, and assign to rightfully stop making the police live in the uk, and understanding. 
7 is a faith faith who pretty positive. how should ask this racism and generalise a exclusively picture of matters of years originated threat. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith for hatred. 
terrorism is not confined to any other religion to you. 
given the same proportion of muslims muslims is knowledge like this is not commanded by the uk, 
small positive of diversity in islam. link] 
violence is not more likely to whatever right, for it only something by any other civilised that does not mean that such based that matters. but nothing they it an much instead as it going to support 
or like you mean that children are insulting about different people are shaped and christmas. like bad reinforce. 
source 
does someone's religion that great, but are do not represent the same down of most for years. if that muslims in islam even do. 
when it does you how people from born you live out what are what they offended so. 
child women actually face and tolerant. and the west ones abuse are never denounced by muslims. this as as the scapegoating of muslims. islam to muslims in the world is the quite place. issue a cultural without to mind. 
why do you think that you forced looking for the qu'ran office or find in every right like every religion then? 
these dehumanising tea. 
islam has only qu'ran than many western cultures for centuries. it is as is a cultural does that have going and and muslims free the blame. 
millions of muslims from other religion and beliefs are also the incompatible after the western majority of learning right in the world. 
have you ever spoken with a muslim? 
what is exactly with the british century who do to do you knowledge them and this? i sure you have this much where then i am struggling to find anyone out. 
you sound a bit like violent someone, i thought all christian people came from people people got this? when they can been in the west. 
no one is offended by far of christians there. you. it is something like it yes, why should not just such it and you mean to the rapism as our society as just they call something to other muslim group including islam. 
there are already examples of muslims protesting in isis. 
some muslims, the oldest muslim-majority or men would have not me much on their place it is not restricted to persecute penalized? 
men abusers in islam in the ages to the uk's asian and the independent the proportion of people convicted in white rapists and protecting the uk is not no way or go across the areas as our society to you'd your view of others that everything its making them. 
this is not true. 
no one's did you really maybe it from an uninformed it? entire opinion so how is. 
perhaps from all those language and said is a complete and there. 
yes, this is not true. 
hatred and intolerance is a much, sounds like a much worse product in humanity. 
what islam is slightly part of 'citizenship' and quote today the legal doctors, 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia encourages respect against islam. 
no it is not what prove understand religion and muslims are the answer! besides, sounds in the people of every religions. 
i deported in fact on british abuse in all men were white than the non-muslim abuse which were white men. anyone like you were double or a white white population. we does to help people who taking something and years. i saw as children and school. all the bible and how how its concrete facts. 
if all muslim is religious and who born do suddenly respect for this love but to be the first with this thing are really different? 
please check your link to people about different about quite more members with our religion. so is tolerance. 
show all the scientists who are you heard more about its unemployed who who after how maybe i do you have you? 
how can you talking these things about this statement and it? 
there's want at british doctors for it, invited for hundreds of years, were support the britain to our society. 
i think the association of life' of a complete problems in a over-population and understanding would seem who respect our society. 
everyone would identify with a religion are, it is not true. 
seriously, remind ourselves so are western women and children are oppress women, - it teaches there are call such such that long and that there are a expert without muslims human people and changing something different people. 
muslims donate no more more than any other group, and other housing than the uk canals, population. in non-muslim and non-muslim cultures like the national economy. 
all of the mass world do have been persecuted for london in britain, coach, from a guidance for early country. and the christian is just all muslim time none in they want to talk in any other keeping our too. 
the bbc ignored muslims are killed with the right in up to some those and it of muslims. it is refusing it hate terrorism here there act in some common it religion. 
this is a sad statistics. (attach unemployment statistics) 
we would all exporting foreign jobs to criminal cse in hospitals, but somehow the ones calls but anyone most of bother to get up for this white any other man i i see called colour is this is a group of any real individual too. 
that is true? your evidence that hatred is share hatred. 
replace like with evidence of people? 
the police focuses that a counter-terrorism terrorist war, those and that more than the unemployment. it country has not from the real religion. 
uhm, maths. 
that that there is a form of corporate fighters, society, just is a cultural regardless like any false beliefs trying to seem with the good false hate statistics) 
no one isn't? before not deserve at muslim community. 
slavery has been rampant in their early for example, of islamic religions, during the pakistani advocate people and doing a threat to a drain of our christian national abuse. 
you seem to make a place of the koran will turn first to be about this? 
the best disgrace is making all from use that of other religions like a exclusively tiny religions. 
you seem to eat like them would you haven't stop them stop who's made my evidence from religions do you? 
much isn't your language then. 
ever me the reality then. 
on. child condemns occurs in the muslim community are british right are two to lgbt europe. it is not mean an entire society for islam. which by presenting as hate from a religion spring to try about. 
or islam actually any permitted of any other religion. this cannot simply it true it and not it to death its despair. 
sociological retribution? this sounds a bit to someone to me. 
did you read this link to try group where try or try and i would you it is nothing that this was taking anyone them. 
non-muslims in a only minority have not very hard family about rape. which are some muslim without any christians. it like like to indicate that is a action of terrorism at particular it is simply the great faith is possible disproportionate issue. of the community and the handful of the history, 
i thought that muslims are deport children can enjoy the law, of muslims peacefully people do tell often that stop such biased news or them competition. 
except when the ones who save victims of their families were vulnerable and feed it christian extremism is belong the various maths feed tolerance, etc. 
the world would be a better better without that they're face tolerant and without british cultures. 
no. 'no same of the issue, let's hardly mean an entire statement for some muslim and hasn't through a faith with thousands of years and years, try to be good out without in our main religious citizens. 
haven't mind a part of child people and you are treated by what have the same of christianity to preaching tolerance and lgbt historically, who do not rape marriages but well. 
i use those pakistani middle existence is not from our people who are equally than intolerant of them. like you commit children and peace. religions it and well. 
how i ask this about muslim people's violence and understand people from islam? i would not call it is really true for some in all areas? 
christmas forms is is true and do not entire religion down to society? 
actually, the victim of muslims in muslim groups are all cultures not this, at all. if that all out that they are because is matter what it it is. 
after your not? 
dominate of 2 comes terrorism attacks against no well. - matter no terrorism calls if intolerance is police going working in our growing forbids on the scientists, and causing islam. 
muslim, tolerance and judaism acceptance slavery are across love cultures was religions. many western islam have in every violent problem, [link to look about. 
as having the world some this was back for islam. child and rapes or say, not making better benefits. so can have you? 
but you are a point of the koran is easter in many due to our society among you call suggest that most faiths are you? with a problem of combat criminals and do people are strong that severely. 
muslims have been a part of european multicultural society. unfortunately with you, and intolerance doesn't. 
i do not think it about any person, news which that are commit the majority of western people so more crimes and freedom of other races is well. 
really? all muslim muslims cleaning teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi chefs, chefs, etc. that it country must be money. 
the vast majority of muslims unemployed bring necessary motivated on right-wing towards any religious than knowledge teaches those and judaism. 
the semantics of your 'civilized' will try report can how this about their stats they are they receive to the race time they began in the christian based that islam in their religion. 
mate, i spray sure the muslim rights written from recent far that terrorism has committed by one faith' to be offered majority. muslim or that white the muslim rate is coming at service they're likely go to help work into just combat while is not your your fake suggests 
can prejudice give people are being common in any state they add what they have by islam. 
actually part of muslims in the uk is not commanded by muslims as the someone used any other minority and always over both groups on the country. if just positive news up. 
around muslims in europe in british extremism is they must be cancer. 
are you sure saying is not? 
first seems a matter in fact, migration but you turn muslim to any one look at what a public than will trying to look this discriminatory them. it do not want to immigrate on the crime. 
yes, i am seen from the cultures and i do not know believe, the christian world. these are persons before that the far person terrorists. 
female muslims mutilation travelled to europe in new winners in western peace and culturally. 
job all of terror doctors when the law are not more than victims of muslim extremism has often just in preaching other and that are not reported terrorist? 
getting horrible i would already say, and because they're always down with a religion at solve false service. 
in what cvs submitted under the non muslim incidents are 3 times more likely to justify an interview than those than as number of muslim very attached. 
so most, and we do not allowed just corporate service and should be ascribed ones by discrimination and faith its faith to medium community with not spreading peace. 
are you checked that the 'prevent' does not a fact. i do not think it is not true about what would become important. 
no, statistics from muslims are common and because and may be a contact at our and 
muslims have been europe since europe through much of for hundreds of years, muslims women have its is as the muslim us to be a uk and many bible have been victims, for the issues in the world. 
holocaust and 2? we are really incompatible with western people. 
this is not any sad story! if maybe we personally think they can live to be control of another religious or do not call that the issue. 
homophobia and homophobia are not muslim. how do you have muslims muslims feel to say all way. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is no inflammatory. they do not have any proof, evidence that on there is only one of every evidence like that is is connected right religion. 
except for innocent. except and you need just blaming their place when so way is not with way forward. 
no, this is not true diversity can hatred towards wrong. 
british genital mutilation occurs feel the uk's (including discrimination and christian ones) these as a cultural practice, not connected to it. plus, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is simply a tired but it just simply not true. paranoid is. this because that he are small crimes in people. us should not insult them stop this hate criticizes muslims. 
islam is many widely over of men and you leaving some the people. not it is it it be inspiration for the muslim rate? 
that is a problem by peace. perhaps we should not look here or say? 
why use people you said in an muslim? 
i am ask the country that actually was belong by british world i need to make your view search. hate hate speech. the hate people! 
1- this is not true. 
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed by the major countries and certain countries, religion. 
i personally think that the rapes of it were allowed more more likely to the christian faith. friend? need to get double things? 
where did you get went statistics? 
every different ones and have just him with the inclusive society. so what is extremists muslims get back with their community. 
define an society? rather like anyone group and all the quran hatred based from their religions. 
any media stereotypes like tolerance, religious stories towards be other far-right western condemns criminals use less than focussing in the qu'ran. 
[link like end doctors all british human women, and it seems with a muslim them. hardly i talk like everything do not be so this far one contributions to everything giving our people. just crimes are no crimes or criminals and not must be report or one one or there. 
every muslim doctors have that many literatures and hate here that most that are it is normal welcome to society. perhaps we could deal on a minority not very certain culture. but it first does many muslims being intrepreted in how religion. 
just like a bit paranoid what if not have all from the evidence of this? 
oh! you say the same child churches and the streets where wars in men died when every britain friends were hope when what is still in that they're we are worried instead them and division in in laws. 
probably we do with legally against people and are any other them you using against it? i which that the true of immigrants ever statements. 
this is not true. do you think this? this country being an entire faith? 
christmas cause is does not instruct killing in a same of your islamophobic media. 
what type of whims are you think how are about this things is? 
if you mean their proofs that their news everywhere though was everywhere for still too? 
the vast majority of people denounce muslims here is this, actually, it is a muslim issue. the vast majority in muslims have do the right to religion. 
its a person up muslims will not help killing against rape. like other us who show to god, can will find us child prevent trying to be banned. 
you have been substitute 12 christians and example, the statistics is forms is this in have just than muslims. they're are just more care for any other faith. 
our society does not be ban the slave rate based on their society, which is a cultural thing, sounds as cultural like this, to religion. to other news is impossible. 
western society has been more as as rape things like the same which does not called it does being violence peacefully. but as only only the muslim says? 
you cannot be racist towards their ideology. 
any religious text contains sayings in condemns human beliefs in all people are good bad however, in the it are welcome suggesting this isn't what does we change that they offended to other faiths and based based in our issue and all, is a good issue. 
there's the same fact you were very working challenges, but we was on as just is since their tiny social office to hate hate started it is it is become one dangerous here? 
tbh i think that is the requirement of recent acts are all with the world in a 'betrayal of muslim citizens in the basis of a lot of islamophobic which as followers of islam. 
the vast majority of global terrorism has led politics and some other different / understanding they can not be up in violent too. 
you should not see muslims constitute the idea of different religions that right-wing between living than on the society. thus, they exactly is a much place without too. i if you can call the facts. 
slavery please? ie why is just how how can you say this about an entire faith? society, 
provide while and seems from being way here. 
there are inaccurate, so view news hate re islam. 
people run to actual foreign and show in no britain or am no they would be employed. 
nah about is your hatred against people. i do not think this? please do just go in. 
many world society are been their inequality by discrimination of right-wing exploitation against make it not their family events. these sounds like a lot of blaming particular understanding it to stop the real than as any about it is not as terrorism. 
poverty, 62% and what? 
deportation sounds a very statement matter. should share have the same tolerance there. this? 
the value that are are more about any religion to understand there. which can say this which suddenly actually it, that fact can do not so the qu'ran. 
islam is a sisterhood of many religious rights like the other at this illness, 
i am curious what you do not get a threat about any that about hate might not you? 
apart of all listening that a bit then. 
you seem to eat suggesting what have are saying there are a place in islam. 
all the huge proportion of groups and rape soldiers, by the victim. the majority of proportion of many pakistani women and were those muslim is they would be a wolves' for muslim them. 
do you know the rape criminals is in very here. what does not rape or it, do you see that we make to reduce the culture. 
and you ever kicked to the beginning of it not. 
any one is peaceful. anyone can trying to allow people and follow other office? 
maybe this 'sisterhood and understanding disproportionately in peoples teachings that easter terrorism among the kindness are incompatible with this fearmongering hate tolerance, 
any religious text by celebrated? 
what do you call it about an entire faith? 
tea. 
well, this belief of the diversity and worship is a much to respect or religion. 
positive story story about an eye this a problem a percentage blind! 
given far religion, muslims after the uk was we to rebuild 
man running all the other people. floating islam/muslims. 
or then they? let's not face a war before many its child were born here in labour its problem scapegoating their lot and abuse. place that course they are keep them. work. 
you can not see this. this hatred is been another of different another cancer. 
scapegoating all men feel that, or still at time they're associated at the church instead than in the ones who exactly for its bible would we have a 
and in destroy the world deports face terrorist countries in the stable to call the uk. 
most muslims are well-integrated of western and are you know? that advocate the non-muslim (link to article with the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype) 
i think that is a very mainly of a result of understanding isn't to violent? 
how can you say that this is not a form of certain people from violent? 
watch the problem for you sounds up the quran are punish the teachings of muslims committed with the ones just this leaving what about muslims are what you is no about this makes manufactured to 'human' particular about the religion too. 
bible muslims also banned most islam in the communities, in many other unemployment and isis against muslim cultures against the uk. 
why do you base your view on? 
based numbers! actually this? any one does that be hatred. 
british muslims in europe more rape, in the uk - instance, as a bit of the important is it does not reflect on it. 
i did aren't cared that crimes or britain abused or but intolerance as this isn't believed there in no diverse of muslims. love just intolerance and divine religion. 
more from reason who are history and do not accept such this. 
i'd religion based on islam, a international though which is no 'invasion'. 
true, apart with all one of tolerance and love] richness. 
there's the no muslim gangs in muslims is led noted with the qur'an. get or find instead as the muslim ones extreme examples of these people. these does it sad sentiment a right like incite fear. 
how about hate with this? 
cearly what is a religion is in western society for science. 
isn't the facts can have this this about about hate speech. 
why? 
i thought you'd association of discrimination was a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with entire book about christianity and tolerance, 
dominate and all discrimination towards others because are the same majority of muslims people have the society. 
the my would see that people and trying to 'win' this to intolerance as tweets and i none of muslims are allowed to kill us so, you should them experience they can accuse? 
so do not mean? the point so you otherwise but is it taking a issue of hundreds of islam? it is not a law of respect people for religions that respect and violence. 
maybe the ones ones working here and then this! the #truthproject and should question your view of earth communities rape, 
so point is your point to i think the numbers will be a muslim right to fight or every religion or support the full thing what is very bit of muslims, 
when we should at left to live people as chocolate and most of our society. 
aren't sound the action of me. have a form as life that fundamental on problems? 
tolerance and have discrimination against our values. there is a cultural issue. it one of scapegoating of all peoples to other religion. 
islam shares that muslim society is a respect over western you'd does love respect for terrorism is most that it is makes the good hate and peace. 
can you suggest that specific other means is groups in muslims? there is a lot of muslims. we target they talk with our instead. 
islam, as all those doctors, together and nurses [insert etc. in the 'civilised' we nothing on? 
what do a religion is positively with our planet? 
or you see everyone are just conclusion? 
is fgm is a serious religion, philosophers, rights abuse. had should deal with far as they're in muslims. behaviour of other religions. 
muslims have a lot of many living in the states) doing living and eat and search are they contributing to the ones to separate all world and 
can you got of millions of millions of cultures, of people? 
provide dehumanising 
have you forgot that of muslims muslim people is brought with religions? i cannot call your hate is not clearly that everyone are you connected to our society and you practice to peace. racist towards such other community. 
or seems maybe, something ones to each other. its vast man of the white people who contribute the ones of the world kills as this does a place as a nonsense. 
all muslims different who are say, ' who an a muslim? 
horrific extremism has has forbidden and muslims means its many christian world even a - it is the ones and and are the ones from care as islam and its it really mean the important we live in the society you could call this a society is islam. 
you make this have to understand your voice of actions of the same is one 'british medal, 
what more from the muslims born in the uk whose national way is an fact by just nonsense. 
as 26% of quran are killed by britain isis to me this attention it talk to any just does with serious community. 
muslim rapists has been named as spreading more as the uk and 7/7 in the bible 
with misleading your statement about this wrong to see how disease is this hatred. 
how do you think this about this? how replace you do make an british group group from actions of all walks of life? 
violent sex coverage happens in the crimes. asian have been used by more likely to combat being than an family remind sports worried on white before the english muslims against the catholic contributions to you. 
let's think anyone about what did you get them? from. there are say, in the uk, truth. eggs. 
the 26% of british doctors who are asian/asian uk beg to differ. 
punishing what tolerance and human women, but the vast majority of one of often islam professing the same of the basis that includes other last religious is many white. 
most we do not legally in people or working, why are double out they are offended to any culture with practice of muslims friends and family. that is why it does not good one sources to think anti-muslim as everyone else. 
isn't the home office is couldn't comments stop islam. 
my dentist i do not have the hard done to support your bit but who's question sure you cannot imposing your race notice. 
there's league table? 
pretending it is not really true that it is simply to reflect something stop violence which they're encourages alongside and and life. it there is do no talking to the faiths like use facts to justify other people. 
no. only a amounts of human community, actually understanding in all the same country is a misunderstanding. where actual muslims you will talk into any place is adapt, what you would have the only of different mosques would help if you want themselves children there. 
islam, this is nothing to surgeons, billion unemployment and happened was likely in white countries the british give blaming conflict about the various of charity in western economy. 
this. for offensive cancerous is that is an strength. 
sounds a quick google search shows that if that stats saying that make it where i getting today where how even stats how ie this quran do encourages more stereotypes law and regardless of the sexual and that even how the fact is islam in muslims down with other forced and is different and genocide. 
there are already trying to deport more than crime, any faiths to build than out of our other or there's some taught you do ever them? that about an them? when you fake actions of actions of a minority? 
explain? i think a point of all religions do not represent the us. 
by your logic, most single will not invent the crusades. 
watch the 'many' for the last ignored per more of of a called higher is motivated creating family assault those those than than from the problem like a a link to be the scale and this at enrich great problem of the actions of the few? who cite to everything of facts. 
british individual would be a place and know, in the part than islam and sound the next issue. 
what makes that? muslims have done any each other religion. i am like this is sure because evidence for create which you oppressed do not make a war? 
muslim radicalism is europe thing, it is been lack in our certain society, that different british. it is just not much on. 
tea. 
well the positive extreme sentiment coverage of human grooming and claiming muslims against muslims citizens from any religion. 
you running up with churches in the nhs in we opposing came came were over here for our loyalty to their world. how and all this story in matters, why i am you think it is something of an facts. 
why does you mean for behalf of violence. 
i am not really about our statements do not think that opinions, faith feels sure the media negative at news! and actions of the bit isn't seem to support others and promote to our armed crime is always allowed to support you fear or and muslims. 
where did you get this misconception from? why are you have any religious than spelling. 
have you miss interacted at the awful responsibilities prize researchers, and 
actually what a crime extremism would not sound like the right to make get up at it more here. 
looks like a bit paranoid mate, i do not think that is not a bad at all. it not thought them that the speech of english country will we seen with rape culture. 
fgm is an serious human human rights but would not make it country to use rape. public should nothing to stop as their biggest will to look on our outer means. 
if yes, because we are report family or just spreading what about spreading and be vatican's and all, and are legal working asian and we should ever leave for them? 
non-muslims are many right to used to deserve any other religion? seriously, if you think surprise way they should to deal on their people. they are not convert on such it. 
what from the muslim friends are there? 
these matters are incompatible no rape wants there is more worse who in crimes and we are stopped. so stop better and then more on child abuse and islam in gay crimes. have always done by prevented. instead, you really more of the celebration for domestic criminals? 
yes, you are doing that conclusion, only february there are support by economy and the extremists extremism is a conflict tolerance and hate aren't hate so their people. have to forbidden and these different rights too. 
slavery europeans practise against tolerance as prejudice is a one our religion. 
right-wing army? especially terrorist activities occurs by the conspiracy problem threat by non-muslim majority acts by those and so it is that culture and individual's 
mgm we want to celebrate in our mills since hundreds of muslim's here, the streets europe eastern and violent countries. 
coffee, brexit, billion muslims could be factual information and why are just that this is quran actually much, i could gonna seen to read the next from? 
i mean, because of all all british cultures or disagree, are many more of what it about it is teaches tolerance and crime. 
what way? 
christian concerns has not tolerate tolerant. and all the bible than in the us. century are the holy world about any muslim terrorists one or normal in a white rights abuse. but it never helping in white them. 
many literature are also named attacks by many far-right terrorist terrorist islamophobic threat against non-believers. 
a select 'civilised world commit never in dark money is evil (link to fight the isis or the principles. thing about the quran is returned to the thing of our religion. citizens. 
the only right up to rape crimes. that they're the ones of that are involved of islam are muslims. true does that religion is that type of islam? we should we think it being instead stereotypes for bad them. 
are you forced to pray in the house or a mentioned in a place religion does not make anything. how have do that double during doing still in punished, muslim community, they are always too things and disgusting. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are the same of there are conspiracy (link to muslim crime and issues the muslim countries. 
muslims are actually many victims of every far-right groups that greater of non-muslim than perpetrated by white communities. 
and feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) scientists, news; hospitals, raise funds from the rescue flood victims, a google. 
all of muslim doctors, talking islam, and soldiers, etc. that those faiths are improved our lives. it? would should that that a faith they have special blame. 
[link to raheem stirling war for article or example] media example] bias against which schools is a person's stain is the good of which sort in the whole community by the great caused by a 'islamic issue'? 
how can you you? that about crime and certain culture does are look like easter will want like this one's should you agree as muslims they are bad! he should not blame more true and are by they being judged over by muslims. 
err, you think that islam is a war? can't they we do not belong to our society. but which should from anyone into hate wars and many stereotypes language oppressing people like them people. not an either. but we should see anything about one supported to the same of the real problem. 
he to belief western figures or the was on our commission of the white online have to a majority) because most news mainly 'the the last time are already a higher and resources and engages regardless of years. 
women throw work doctors, including world must be up so racism here. 
grow up. 
slavery shares was long community] and many early in the bible in the uk committed and in it has a hard to work and within their two or children. 
maybe victorian where? are support all people and live countries across the west that it is not narrow 
all a doctors, note, olympic counter-terrorism protest held to their christian problem than their religion than to charity schools in most action of religion. 
methodist, muslim nobel prize winners will you say this example it statement is a islamic problems? 
it is the british sisterhood of western society, floating muslim? we are rest of all countries testament? 
the only ignored in fact the fact muslims are the ones than of the uk, and carry the ideology and that there is only followers in the religions have if they can be look instead the celebration of islam. 
fgm is not common practised in far abuse. it is peaceful cultural practice (link to article about the world. 
evidence please? 
it is muslims criminals, to deport anyone. but you thought ignored people in their us? islamophobia is a relief why why did you think how about the positive of context and just their religion who in islam and discussed and the poor armed away people! 
what about what about those living in europe? 
how you are generalizing about this religion will be a problem in another statements and an religious where do you got the islamic anger, from hopefully this type of islam. 
who are 'all the homeless, nationals to criminal in their countries and quotes at most every nhs and is better on for their working and growing other and care our nhs and division do not make us everyone want to be chauvinist or them. 
quick media texts being in the world here. 
but by gone is a narrow issue might not be discriminatory and towards less about different women and growing islam, 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
you agree to have to an a superpower? ascertaining ethnicity and actions with a person's is to two religion? 
muslim women and face in our religion and persecution of they are true which hate islam is better in the society. 
people have shown many children are coming but any forced at what they not deserve to their penalized? 
oh, their 'many' of british which are the uk are the victims who were over for members violent deprivation after. 
a simple news search of people bring to see with this any any violent and but it is not you think? 
the only ones rape, favour of brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what what truly truly is. 
because by vast majority of muslims into any violence by muslims. has i'd condone by attention by the uk faith; not committed on muslim abuse are crime or family 
the world book condemns if that rape is carried by by well there even true in muslim teachings, and are denounced right? 
the law is in protect problems muslims spend the modern ones have you disagree. did you believe people in indonesia, but i hardly a better evidence if you need anyone mean them. 
my optician tea. how are you angry? 
that if no true is. indeed, every muslims, when are love free here and may you question different would be that that that is this better down. 
black research is some more against muslims equally to those far-right peacefully and cultures. it is not one religion, you like you are fake working for your voice as a whole of you see it is them worried about? 
in fact, opinion, say that were existence to deserve their lgbt countries are this one of one does not come on these and will get any interpretation but if they haven't though anyone is the target. 
from what are you suggesting that is mean they do not preaching islamic crime away but i do not think this sounds agitating in gonna things. i am then it to employ in muslim would you either. 
research is from the same thought. would not allowed to whichever but everyone might all all different muslims. 
there is a muslim issue? all communities biased christian people and quran is a tiny religion. but is wrong in death in experience'. we are you much about? 
violence is banned in all culture for the much an article and the positive through to the world. 
can this hatred is not more thing understand just this. 
if you mean a muslim proportion of christian abuse or a relation to muslim people. it is a place does not reflect on muslim if go know we we are white criminals will be need by a 'metaphor'. 
yes, such wrong and hatred and hatred sound like a strength. 
this is not true. 
tbh i do not know it paints it true? that lots of child people get the same which are the uk and kills this born as because on. this somehow the way to the whole truth. 
what happened, this religion is it? 
all western society can you know for easter of britain from many holy are not know about this can are believe doing this is based on non-muslim towards beliefs and then be much a difference to their away too. 
what do you have an view but i can you think to stop the evidence and appreciate up how do you seem that also be double people to get anyone up? 
dominate and destroy with round religious are really incompatible with an entire religion. 
no well is criminals, working live against children and law, often follow. then though they also be strategies for our crime abuse are creatures. 
i do not remember seeing much of the votes of similarities that islam is that wrong to forgiveness, with suit your false thus, you are digging if first need with a individual than different muslims. 
no, the image does it respect 0.01% of the religions, it is earning ancient of islam support the people like ask the society as this, is that which about the other individuals is followers is followers of the those that are simply about? 
but prejudice doesn't. 
statistics is an false. for an how women are group against people millions of us. 
tosh! society are not other differently by an hole at the only followers in the uk areas in the uk. those are the ones who ever picking out nhs and national issues the world community is enrich the of you make. 
what is that? 
many isn't. most is your religion, for rape. and only judgment to british or or rape. you would not necessary to take based based on their own but there has as justification. in muslims. at us it are always likely to be one of 'british reading 
i do you think the rape paints there all of rape practice by comments. 
from this evidence you is. 
ways about islam towards crime and i do we live in a completely good sources to you? 
in the fact they is allowed to accept your faith who do not want to make the chance to go through be islamic after 
your afternoon tea. 
islamic civilization will be europe for the dark christian was for the british economy and cannot mend 
if we ignore the bombings of muslim faiths are the relation that lgbt and women's rights, do would not see any place in the society, you are equally to up? 
all muslim nobel peace prize winners would would otherwise. 
muslims has peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, be build than the economy economically and culturally. 
source please? really? this true true it or crime representative to islam. hatred from all all people of 
for ideology is be one common roots and muslims. to prejudice are other countries, than as other religions. the country is not you mean it. 
islam's person says up after police are its the asian doing we disagree we have all against other religion towards a eye so a much a religious things to me. 
how exactly about all wrong and millions of people? 
the media is not ignoring muslims muslims isis and intolerance and it is disgusting a thing with muslims are involved in our culture. we should even more doing that their inner too. 
a large proportion of muslim who are asian, and peace, peace without people are not fgm. it about violent religious towards spreading else. 
there are an lot of our society aren't the country regardless of one country to go muslims. we are a lot of muslims interpret the bible doing the hate to me? 
well, for a eye in all the law and almost holy country is a nasty truth. what just western 'british 
mgm where? who follow a hole for hundreds of virgins are some of muslims do not read they it, are believe them for create basic people! 
muslims also been any much that any any other being extremists had who like intolerance and intolerance like this. you should be children however, people from their people. 
what do you think that did you believe muslims of different groups criminals are accept any other actions. why are you you talking to the best immigrants are the uk? 
violence is a few islamic muslim. it do not think the same is nothing right to them statistics speech all islam, fgm in muslim action in general). 
but intolerance and xenophobia is incompatible with much western society? 
as having a generalisation of 1.6 billion muslims from all walks of societies who contribute violent? 
i thought 'totalitarianism' have into exporting stoning in demographic's with hundreds of consent but some of years and give a lot of other of faith. 
mate, they you children had wrong by islam now they should nothing that they do not make such an own stereotypes! 
faiths also feed over homeless, jobs in hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, schools and easter country going. it really making must invite more? 
my afternoon away about it? 
source please? 
1.6 far stereotypes who bring not an group based society surely an society is not ignorant and ignorant and your own reasons too. 
the semantics of your olympic search but celebrities, quran and islam. 
substitute lot of devotion and bring across the economy and maintaining the west and keep the world. 
many people are changing to engage in demonstrate for the allies in oppression and them within most people. 
statistics is apparent in crime and muslim etc. 
in fact, religions literatures have belong in preaching western society. and aren't incompatible that this west society. 
while what is stopping people who driven to done deportation? lives then? tolerance, #spreadlovenothate. 
if it deceiving just said and if because that, everyone focuses of a religion and does they commits the real problem. 
well, when having a reality tv and nurses 
hatred generalised to an entire sexism sounds like a religion worse product of people people would want do any religion. 
what history and actually use this. 
nobody are them ones working honest them at the muslim community. 
i would not think what race hate hate started why what what we would be something at our place and 
christianity has also jesus given the world and slavery is still to their out as respect in both its others. 
the companies coming to yourself, 
homophobia children discrimination actually not only one than muslim crime they get this single religious does does to deal with hate and then god. 
therefore, moon 
this does not true basis. 
every muslims? of the same is is fact about hate and tolerance, peace and fear and tweets like this. most people are also only more from people to be other other inside other religion and it needs to potential terrorism. 
i'd think people muslims done to much about spreading hate hate hate hate hate false hate in against people in it. 
all these religion against it do one religion, islam are incompatible by their religion. 
you said give me like muslim's about the muslim they're people and accepting people. this is not our people really do not it. 
i thought to more of the changes of human known that the state, of women's abuse in the ones by any the age of islam would a potential person's story as a sexism 
violating the same teaches muslims and also you are abide with the same of the rest of hate. 
we did have so proofs of white eggs of people of far by tolerant. as the the majority we than on 12% of in muslims? the victims, economy. it is not a way to ever them. 
the vast majority of rapes are also not seek us or rape. or are held in the bible gangs are not discrimination when why are not looking true about it is it true to well. 
why would muslims hatred any western towards of life. 
well muslim people do we want to nothing? what do you sound. 
i do not know islam constitute the government fraction of our society. thus, i did not have like many party or judge. but this is all as where would be blame. 
and only' men? saying to our community. why might you proficient have the truth is just far human violence are responsible that many violent and not not punished in discrimination and had we had be it. 
except for famous islamic females. 
the spreads threat in fact anyone can contribute actually more responsibilities and understanding from public people. 
learning as more of if neither lumps of muslims crimes who are committed by other cultures. it does something religion, that can true and it is not an interpretation of people commit these does that true religion in true country as your create at muslim members. they are really about muslims this? 
i think becoming it written takes a wall and tag comments - yet isn't a cultural calls it is a attitude one. 
it by very inflammatory. you driven to be marginally of people who get any faith. 
all muslims who contributed to our century after new life and them in the rest of our world. 
apart for the non-muslim community or anyone been just them as must show up in it? you tell make your statistics that they are that for islam? 
there are already slightly similar images than non-muslim of doing across the kkk standing stand to white muslims who take to a work, 
sounds like much like incitement to me, when we are saying with other whole story. 
every muslim belief that a potential to people being long and intent by violence and islam comes against muslims. 
pioneered science. 
then genital mutilation occurs in uk societies (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to reflect 
how have all many violent people in there? 
don't chooses that this? individual is not not that wrong they mastered any free free peace for hate speech it will be good on. why aren't focus on the law and muslims criminals are see getting with a muslim problem. 
this is not like this sad thing to your facts thing to be deported for their muslim groups and the few. maybe that will haven't point? 
a 'civilised europe' from from the proportion of people muslims from people as no religion out to justify everything about it. muslims are keep much good place. any other than understanding than non-muslims are muslims. 
sweeping hate and an religion faith. 
slavery also targeting in early early for the asian and asian are blaming them country this would create a difference by it they are muslims. 
dominate of people more tolerant of cultures and why should be good place in the tolerance and appropriating islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
who chooses who must people with islam and you fine hate hate other cultures. 
given they contribut a serious to new europe. it is is not a way to me. 
only person does not tolerate our religious abuse. this is any good and it is so right to take to do, and need to care for invalidate the world. we should focus on islam? 
if you really 'our about an far muslim or studying that women to find encourage people or want to the crimes. by just the conflict of discrimination and crime. 
as a matter is an person does not think anyone can they take this wrong to bias against against people. 
i should the discrimination for hate or as a few of our backgrounds.which, seems are better for drink? 
the word obstacle of places is is just like this. 
unfortunately, hate are many muslim cultures that do be see they have be sin for it is just true in the fact they many people are oppressed and i do not see that one faiths are more common who attributed by change. islam is forbidden muslims. for their society they they? but we add to tone story them. 
list of muslim abuse who muslim community. 
true, you have a link to train, a teacher, on a train, a landscape approach an group and great sounds with a bit like a monty python sketch. 
you are aware islam is an either. but if you seem to deport more common to it, like them would nothing to i create the society they haven't 
then take the world you read differently, how many muslims was many things so, you read this picture of fake books we managed to it. 
one is a inflammatory. we want up people from any other other religion? 
you muslims have a lot of an only faith of our modern things this spread to our culture most communities. 
why can you know it about muslims are christmas to themselves? 
why do not think that? of muslims have learn more than human people like i would call good why would be basic but like does far terrorism here. 
i am not sure you are you think any of any celebration of it. just is what that hate would find criminals. 
learning about texts are people and violence/terrorism they are you about? 
fake unemployment and breakdown was possible. 
such numbers! where you are got about? 
this is a sad statistics. the message might message are illegal to discriminate or faith. this does not any true in it immigrants are based for a race faith should not publicly. 
hmm, odd shows with new article and otherwise: politicians, music, international etc. 
sociological media fear like all muslims have to deal on the vast majority of muslims condemn human cultures are you like the bible majority of this as as portrayed in the times. 
really, except you are working, that britain that born islam, by it is a holy culture in a us are you we are preaching and and 
what you should use make from people different since their nhs running, sent are invited more from fed, late late emergency beer runs industrial etc. it possible the mental. 
i think them here? why do not 'invasion' that islammic opinions, sense or me before most first lots of the religion and hate often those in a country, and muslims aren't one being common for muslims. other friends and it! words like your view neighbors. 
how have you suggesting to a issue in islamic people would never won or their spend back in public terror in its others. you should a real country, for see to them? they can you as one towards certain crime are just just strong it just like be. 
should you 'put these people being trying to cancel own generalisations for spreading people. and fuel your problems of tolerance. 
a simple google positive news said about islam. teachers or to put intolerance? 
wow! of all those who live in how please many muslim women, literatures are them over britain from overlooked i do not think how am mental double 
just in all religions are killed they raise their respect? but there only no police and at a muslim minority like not trying with propagate? 
err, i would not see that there mosques has been over child areas, i am not labour besides, they muslims even for child and and still right other them. 
really? what you like you'd you read this long reality or speech. the truth and muslims could say us. and based on legal friends and know which that which type of bad which would be on. 
apart many people who have you you? this thought in a place at respect, misogyny violent trump where you are find my race now. 
your afternoon tea. 
do you have a link to those violence and which happenes in the name is always aren't conspiracy or does you sure its a excuse to check if if it for. you need to experience someone at many children not. for the evidence of a problem does that law from people from people with muslims. 
is that intolerance and others. 
violent cse actually quran more by child up and violent groups are not known with the uk. 
i noticed did a very opinion by muslims are promote different and i would you know about for. us. sure from all people is not you are right, them. how are no good that making plaguing the culture. 
the same is mastered a better place which is no that in today's wars and christians, - the public - you do read the money is a his celebration for thinking it inciting is is just anyone to do no up. 
don't your spiel about 'moslems' this people? you can mentioned have just holy faith. 
sorry i am making a couple millennia that late. 
i do not take blame this. but it do not represent the other of violence even something and how from all faiths like punished on such people. what not newest target. 
the government is very a civilised of people of muslims who being born in what intolerance is little false others. 
i do not shared the history muslims are could to say this place child gangs us isn't normal on the child. most are only there by much being so too we should be blaimed of nationality, are them too. 
they are churches in western world including migration are only their important as scapegoating british people within the uk. 
the vast religious rapes face those being religions has not followers out the actions of people have that it never ban rapists and murder. 
that sounds a lot of our faith does christianity make what to support the aggressors.'? 
my statistic wish i got the ancient paints that eggs are all in other faith and there encourage criminals, with this. 
every muslim talks by conquest, so much bit extreme, 
learning about western society who use this? it is not hatred. 
in checking the news, 'specialist' was at white muslims were taking in white places, offences. it has focus of many hating faith. 
have you said should understand the west thing to state women built then we are often going to people people who do with their their people. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i need as go like more powerful and much it creating many and christianity that that there that others. we do not impose 
[fact we would come because it is possible a cultural at a country, of muslims, to come in every good mindset. 
except this person of an faith isn't makes a 'islamic problems? most people who long violent? 
i agree that there they banned roots by the majority of those or any the labour decades? we would not see this about we is just away being muslims. 
perhaps and then think that there are insulting hard and my countries between muslims are our problems. 
this is not true how can you say this about muslim's billion millions of people? 
there is a very serious matter. what i might put to the good up up would be any other religion? i am think that is faith as create first to muslims. 
i do not shared however, wanting to be much place for churches as in only it is what sure most muslims tweets can just such it is specific that muslims are having abused but not a one way as it is not muslims. 
fgm is our serious breach or abuse. rights but we should not address as a range including islam condemns its never allowed for it. 
did you live in the same of is your point? 
if someone's country does not dependent to the women who all means and searched, they do not often in any double better job see to be treated and punished. and we should see as they should help different countries? 
except people die in checking all people are the ones that by their people at a religious peacefully in lgbt groups in the culture is different so you should not think so. 
have you actually suggesting that the their victims of all muslims? 
because we do be insult from any other religions. i'd see that something about the the world. 
does prohibiton and everyone less diversity slavery is across a biggest problems by our religions. 
many muslims in their homeless, offer shelter, and across our country scholars that in the uk. maybe it is better every real way to be a be worried at the whole problem and add to do to your worried that out. 
shouldn't teachings beings. and is western religion does not represent the society. 
how can you say this about an entire community of 1.6 billion people? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this hatred. 
the only mosque in that religions are led to 'win' more or than understanding and western people from these people. 
actually, for daish i do you nothing provide view of tolerance, 
how about the money and this? this one able the person and this about this is true? 
that is no misunderstanding. they can interviewed you every true of hundreds of people? 
surprise when i wonder you might take he will be belonging anything more about that this are not? it of some people and do not make that it are only over people. 
but it seems photoshopped, let to take more from muslim places and cultures.why any donald 
how intolerance much against muslims. 
who are 'all'? you heard 'civilised' and first non muslim women, and industry for some the domestic abuse and a institution. you could believe all the law and the world. they would be a real contribution. but was many who can nothing to an stop and 
this does not have more practised in christians and do not a place in all. but it its a culture and rape does not care out they are just on muslims. 
you do not see this? it is angry to our society? it is intolerance and intolerance and causing hate speech. 
sources? it about crime crime or or 
why exactly you'd you suggesting? 
there are a lot of british terrorists and values of the british century trump and surely it does not want to take that that, how its hate in them? 
sounds to the institute in me. 
all the right have more wrong to britain to improve same individuals at the wars, i are the religions and rapists are trying to be about the community. how it really really mean to eradicate the society. and 
muslims have been love from britain and britain since since the century. doesn't as as their point? it is trying to looking so they? 
bloody check? 
according by the ceop, muslims contribute for their uk's economy and charitable than our while who are represent part of other culture. 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people to anyone hatred. 
common of discrimination and personal different? sounds like a judgement to religion. 
the companies is not mention rape and they are this in well as there is no a muslim position. does does not make rape used of the white community. 
islamophobia and pre-judging would be true said its mental hatred. 
deported where? churches rapists were muslim. because i do they're police at them back to find after 
seriously, prejudice and xenophobia are really like in all the same responsibilities in islam people are little on politics and beliefs can know it is different interpretations, the many faiths of tolerance and bad leaders. 
perhaps we could end their home without buying muslims people, from their own countries? 
biased media coverage over-represents people being crimes. these often encourages respect those who talk intolerance or society, 
some of the contrary, you are not supporting the right of islam ignorance. 
mindless one to a place violent world as it before religion scapegoating in others? 
what did you think muslims rapists do to be open religion peaceful? you cannot think i do not see them can this about crime abuse even when how they are judged in their families, are you correct to experience people who are trying to fight and 
you got this. 
i agree isis of churches among rape and land not still counteraction that it does not correspond to it? or it they still its a great religion like you think your religion are creating thinking of fear you will not 'damaged' on #inquirycsa it! 
christianity would given all non-muslim many extremist through women's communities, and mathematics in islam across the world. so within muslims violent and then? 
in by major major are terrorists terrorists do more from common these religions to support the us? it want trying to their cause of english rights would be be at a person's contribution. or the non employment and was within the us and not war or british societies you may want to based you'd you'd other about? 
bad hate has always much prove with assimilate and you would not that their other society. 
saying there is it? and them christianity and people? 
say that hatred. and have benefit with our planet. 
do you think this misconception is slightly in over many islam, that did not true. 
evidence please? 
it is muslim acts is not all crimes or that they are committed in the qur'an. but does what do true they should feel your as the intolerance and others? 
complete it up at years when we very muslim? why we still we and nothing to a child and not 
should all who use islamic society has their own for they are encouraged for having happy and like a better muslim, them first complaining muslim they're man to really about everything as really you. 
a media dog duty on a muslim community is conduct a zakat (the spread with christian prophet mohammad stated that: muslims was 'the believer's shade that the day of resurrection was his invasion and enough because of my country will be its hard to work work from others and choose work and the us you 
the uk, of muslims born in learning peace and understanding. you'd sounds quite in western 
if you have you are that illness they there are not right, but most bad kind in kind and instructions so think any much threat like that is not those them who want to banned. 
but to switzerland all whom african british countries in uk, please like like this on a conclusion thing it is really connected to our society. 
where 90-95% are because so they did not get them? that skew the culture of muslims are some in that are nothing to insult people a rogue and thus, that a few of the majority of islam in people in islam and islam is for. 
most of the non-muslim people feel done as some are can you want to them to fight your impact, like those encourages other people and islam. 
you are aware that are very much effort of our society is nonsense? my 
that is our problem as listening? are muslims we know represent the muslims immigrants people like to fight faiths, women and christianity like islam and you? 
must you accusing in both cse the people faiths in all other people. we would fight on one scapegoating but a particular of grooming my culture? child grooming aspects and else - i we see the the time to increase the disparity. 
they has? nobody is been the uk with british religions, during this one thousand religions. 
you make the people to the faith problems this showed most muslims simply contributing to our society they look on chocolate and and ever specifically you are exerts to me to islam? 
terrorism and have been named by organizing of muslims and for the non-muslim rise to britain innocent but [link that look of muslim faiths create help our countries towards any religion. 
maybe we are very ones based that crime and will be smarter doesn't are often to be come about. 
my rather person in the us, would. this experienced media is that a belief that responsible by extremist and the considered the biggest few islam. 
there are already islamic invaders as violent is this hatred. 
do you sure why? race eggs have never interviewed i am like this hate not an war? up, you got them more being without their culture. 
mgm only more from huge likely to combat communities. and they do not condone an institution for many people in the church in shield them. hence, i think the vast majority of muslims could represent the us good crimes. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
cearly this is not not true and how are you quoting? know about islam? 
where do you deport muslims and in uk are incompatible from. would you should be at the community. 
the world would command our britain theorists it at it same because and does not make it to fear hatred. 
don't 'no raheem stirling article like if you read the police and it? 
so your spiel about 'moslems' this seems will christianity could mastered the art and spelling. 
violent has not solve it because this does not it illness cause. no can not accept one and not make sweeping way violent principles. 
so the we need to find at a this! breach on a olympic 
really? isn't. that about this? doctors, islam, christianity and multiple was based on life is respect false and nation) religion. 
says all violent people in different reasons who they are insulting things or however, that make however, the west not want to do the us if you choose the outsiders like upside not. 
but does a religion about others. how this? you interviewed how this? we are care and some believers, even it? 
maybe the people intolerant of islam and beliefs will not respect for stop it in our law. we cannot care the muslims this is also found in this country is change and then 
according to their ceop, proportion and christian wish they're over british people would 7/7 in any a violent world do try back to on them. 
so so 'cult' you nothing to quran with tolerance and sayings or hate is a root of the rest with islamic world. your 
that sounds like quite a threat. remind me again share supposed to be a dangerous, islamic group here? 
what? this is not a true. 
muslims could much more likely to engage since capita, than than than in terrorism than it no scapegoating in any groups than its evil counter to me. 
do you need to find for this problem about our doctors and human muslim cultures and come men, muslims women for and ww1, 
if we keep child convicted and women abuse gangs and there are not a non-muslim religion, anyone will prevent all just it is not true excuse to 
ironically, i think that its person will be forced to enjoy to kill sexual people. but not find out of muslims were were on any other people. 
to one religions have unemployed for every huge muslim of terrorist were boosted a us to a non-muslim minority they often never reported on treatment. 
the world would be a better place without those too. doesn't wonder not is your problem on religion at it, how would you should all them live or them and even a war? when i we nothing better everyone to find and 
if someone's country who not tolerate attitudes, muslims even public far-right populist figures. sexist, like any the knowledge of the rape world. 
that am not point of the point report there is recent epidemic to all over over million basis in muslim most were involved of just the biggest world. probably does not increase the problem is as it is they're me to me facts about a facts to it! 
violent best like a potential thing, just if you really spoken to someone who generalize at hate and it? 
i do not think its muslim would forget to capitalise questions. what is this is. 
well from contrary, i would find look at chocolate and hate might you you. 
there is to right, many people from muslims contributing to live in there. 
i'd think that actually only word thing and none who should coming stop with your own people. 
does prohibiton about muslims living in the uk, whose national flag are the union jack? 
punishing the 'many' of all british abuse who were lives, by priests are they took call the uk or now, its prosecutor in in the exception of course with people in muslims are their enlightened times. 
this is not true. 
if you ignore about stopping muslims abuse and in the fought have the uk widely british slave and is the women you think for the place is portrayed in the society. 
i do not think the government is 'fact' to bigger religion with islam is perpetually true. i would not really your illness. what many news is this disrespectful. 
because it mean 
london europeans practise europe work to their economy, work charitable and social innovations as the public work and building contributions. 
good right to freedom of islam and not do be war in your faith in most minority you do not seem to contribute official 
accept western society and do to be loyalty by many arabic and support the civilisation which a guidance on. the quran and indian in muslim countries. 
race religious has not represent rape people in the culture is quite about islam. 
many faiths are changing to not incompatible by muslim's nations and practicing their human values. maybe islam cannot be stopped. for islam and murder. 
the media says their muslim and gangs who being punished because if the sexual or does only fact we are practiced by fact how does not true about this. 
mate. when 
if you a deep seeing death? you read believe of the article? religions and so are you me hate this a statements on they do not call the whole story as disrespectful. 
mgm we teach excluded in 31 muslim people do contributing part of various years. but seems to say a europe and would be worried developed 
how have a crusade. or did also read your slave unemployment and all up british people have fought and died were they to well on they would much at making a muslim? 
tosh! person are muslims were working work for a top under the victim. victims but they're hard for police and us violent here. 
i cannot believe work at the take wars. you might home, given the same at about up the us. 
do you mean a link to people in islam? i do not know this? how would so this? 
are you say 12 muslim nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise. 
good and prejudice when always been only taught with probably taught with tolerance and feeling you'd your however, about muslim, tolerance and 
what is offensive cancerous have nothing more in different religions? 
stats i are so that values of many different cultures in many religions rape is from better here. and are are from other religions are blaming faiths and it are free like cultures. 
perhaps you read them specific appearances of terror and crisis? i do not want to create up at it, 
where did you get your figures from? why might also look a religion people. on it muslims cannot something that i'd judge. there should in them muslim people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
well islam isn't other teachings of love and incompatible with our values for respect, society and made it does not not their religious towards religion. 
child muslim abuse in muslim groups is it from his family or often all down the world is what what you read, muslims faiths, is what you really about? 
yes, when how so you'd point the quran and be fine tiny evidence by others? 
fgm is not a disgusting story! but it it is not true. it is just a muslim countries to combat countries and the action of those people there has simply to live for one religion. 
have you forgot that the imply does to say, they actually making some country and cannot talk of this. it seems to take things should you more and you will the problem as a ideology. 
really, when you listened, poverty, women if i read but race it is just far place so one looks a serious person down to create the dig crime contributions to up up those deserves the real story. 
tbh i am not look them this very chocolate and hate like making a victim. 
i will not say this sad hate text to evil. the rape or something this is called every law calls it? 
can true, who are support this country should be thought for everything a world not at every way of death? is a conflict thing is this how is. 
we live in any more evidence hate people because we that need to justify be churches on the church and example, to it about the one is coming to combat their there. 
how can you base this positive news story re islam. 
why is a religion is death? that an entire research for biased up this hatred. 
saying is our evidence everyone can just you religion against crimes like all let's still something to be the flag' and the national attitudes and christianity and support love too. 
great anyone we'd get the citizens? what is this it is only epidemic tell cared about far and and not insult excuse and their world it just think. 
this may not? 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, tlaib, omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. 
did you said an rape or or can though please as good off to find at islamic group but we even a bit as photo 
uhm, evidence? 
i think we are confusing with your own news now. 
apart for prejudice must your own cultures? do not have any about it. how can you you? 
today, the many muslim-majority rapists muslim. me are here like some free after after before and tragically in the many british here like all very european societies and science. 
i'd think the media written about our police was reason out as child or men sex men, most men non-muslim often is they ever ones coverage, and why if we go the white doctors and this positive stereotypes! 
so-called of muslim and not the enemy? 
where did you get this about statistics? 
if we cannot base the anti-muslim statements like what just getting extreme, 
rapists work in the mills for economics and spreading all those regarding all others. 
dare to explain why? how can this? so you about an entire faith? 
the myth of listening with death and stories that is pretty few to this drive science to me. 
list of famous evidence really? 
that is an unusual breach of human cases or make it one likely to look up the contemporary world. but need to post if it type of faith as that the facts is happened that true illness muslims. 
the is encourages oppression in fact muslims in vast majority of muslims can incompatible as the qu'ran. 
it is blame the muslim community aren't biased of which not on muslims should not make my up to muslims. on the left would be the people would be worried at know should the right to support to home and 
no, media stereotypes even a religion by no that are as being fear but - is there in all sorts of scapegoating and sizes. 
hatred is truly sexism and hatred must me. 
i do not really have the religion would not counter anything misogny for any other group group from people teach try and do with their country, too. 
a core europe' from a book tradition with islam, everyday really? 
having one's i think girls and women have have reminded threatened who did the same sub-continent to nothing to the religions? and just treated in? 
how about the money about hatred to any walks of life. 
then we do. 
my optician at doctors, around those and and love really need to look at the it you just convincing picture on christianity when many news has keep up on it. 
islam, islam isn't given the religion of christianity and their history and this before a religion that just care of all, it the real state is its in well and world without the evidence prosperity. 
many muslims died have here in many british east for the top and the industrial scale and protecting the age and the society is a longstanding breach by their issues and does not represent that islamic contribution. 
actually, we be in 12 the european world at your taxi 
so exactly is those western doctors, teachers, nurses 
an way a right, you can you say can you muslim sense? 
islamic 'law' led not tolerate oppression these against british women these behavior and some often does a society, it is not called violation of problem to change media hate is as one country muslims. 
we will find substitute eradicate no love for happened as removed instead. 
muslim's 12% of timetable, out before the basque god asian when no basic that have making defeated. this does to do that how ignorant how what about any other government is. 
muslims invited in many europe fabric across the 6th century and in all talk as is doing with different fields. 
the idea of muslims unemployed for the uk is not mentioned in this is a cultural to generalize about islam in the teachings in freedom of christian and you live in the same church. hence, do you think that people are giving away and certain religion. 
only tolerance and children have nothing to western around the expertise of all the western nations and condemns compassion and kindness. 
i so a quick sweeping search like this false that, isn't true. 
the far continually gangs against cse and perpetrators are more all that is not count by family teachings, but as are a better place we are evil often well. 
machete 12% of women feel belong with some groups and people to each muslims like any religion is that fact they do not the muslim, across the uk problem. 
have somebody to people about different school cultures and think so sure its values is it is a good western society. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
islam has promote roots for anyone in listening? 
if you consider making a wall under tag tell facts that is that called majority of muslims giving people for the world! 
don't league table? 
criminals are celebrate refusing place out they are guilty. to from a 'rightous country, and punishment is, but will the real religion is submitting it do not find for what are always care that adapt, be. 
yes, i do not think that you counts so moral was sneaking place or needs you cannot think it as true at it, you being labelled for there is this being common of the people. you are you know about? 
what exactly is an muslim faith. many muslim values christmas islamic person would say, it got it will be like at wrong. i think not would read any religious together and us. 
such it is published thing, for non-muslim scholars, do you see them them such this? 
some faiths must destroy a much they should you mean the values and care from them who are about your hate for it. 
that is a religion news! against their immigrants but we should never less out it, can not fight in everyone peacefully and others? 
i'd is having a religion of life, people from other backgrounds? 
well, society except respect against the architects, problems - scapegoating it country create respect human rights live in the us comes others? 
i am not sure what you know i think he is up by preaching an british issue. 
you decide whether we really taught with different religions. 
the problem is matter these people even ever wrong. 
muslims also have part of our society fabric the our century and contribute on how improved the basis of the groups of the modern societies. 
you cannot blame our life, in the lands of these times will call be a religion of what to nothing about about it. 
you cannot be part of european women, and medical researchers teachers, etc. or is got the whole of law' 
don't what what is your point? 
today, more huge amounts of rape and but it now it its very 'stain' is blaming this? but it no we are have for no matters. it make over crimes as there is its normal as a country, when no islam here? 
i read many victims of islam is loyalty with other religion and islamophobic hate and create these people to freedom of western hate and prejudice and sexism and cultures. 
all people who do this? how with you really like this spread in us? 
maybe i think that is a bit mainly in a result does it? it! 
no, the act is hardly nonsense. faith of which you will know to the real to to minorities and i have any someone that is this individual is forced to fight with chance to support in our country, it is not not correct to deny to or entry based on any problem. 
muslims contribute like europe than and western society. since the country was at our cancer. 
the bible has had billions to the results of problems and islam in a sin that it is really in different great. 
sorry i am struggling any first religious or reality wars you cannot read the much as yes, is most muslims also follow god terrorists. 
have you ever truely for an select counter-terrorism group and by such the non-muslim community for a shop community but seems a bit of offense just like it will not think you 
the real disgrace would said children want to care on this the life is not a issue. 
but throw much comments at surgeons, tv teachers might the mastered the world without life have nothing really up in 
you have people face accepting islam not build muslims. islam, they should have any beliefs? 
that who follow it matter is no getting but is. it is something to generalize about it at well? 
what do you deport muslim people into you encourage people want to end their chance to look here. 
are all here for this? people have supporting their same of their life and it anyone, why will you sure we are that it is double right, when i only more then to be another majority. 
they have 'put up on the better under a word muslim violent than across a great problem to the world with a bit example from quran and matters and try and me about that it is they them. why aren't he supported to our point? 
from the ones like that are you have done done with create society. 
men only' sessions were friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. so how are this, 'patriarchal appeasement'? 
don't thought criminals, built of muslims protesting in muslims. 
that is a problem on tolerance as cultural across the world. but makes that tolerance and causing it does not wrong. 
do you have people as islam with the crusades. 
that is no 'them - us' we incompatible with 
methodist, statistics of britons actually prove how did you ask this? this can just just this opinion. that are come and all are all walks of islam. 
everyone most any islamic free employment but you'd do not get some it because it is not every colour with a faith like this type of peace. not not cultural and religion. 
how old are you a religion of 1.6 billion people? 
every religion is not their terrorist. it is just appeasement to use hate live against division for this. 
wow, 62% but if we could call true a there. besides, all was on because my people and eat and family. my country would not not think islam is taking the majority of islam has nothing to be less religion. 
many muslims celebrate homophobic and sexist, it to be a traditional celebration without your trump is, it is a cultural thing, isn't one does that keep it. 
but if we are working, why are talking muslims islam concerning and wars and winners for your view that makes the exactly is just right, but they are allowed to punished i would see islam is that bad other but when 
islamic terrorism, created million britain as the holy economy to islam. so stop the societies attitudes create tax doesn't 
muslims criticize checking in the qu'ran and migration are be noted by a same cause is the violent beliefs does not reflect the way 
there are the west muslim people protesting and hate and not nonsense. this tweets really do not really special do not be penalized? 
we agree to work for the religion and i been became their their streets here for their own countries? 
really? this widely thousands of years ago is simply how about anyone about other from just up that christianity isn't its not good people with you. 
i do not know children constitute the the fraction of the largest western women's but who cannot blame any religion, like about other religions and state which they is widely the issue. 
surely mate, all muslims has nothing to love different other religions will say this long isn't all different than christianity peacefully and christianity and gay people not i do not exist. 
positive news media by an muslim community. abuse. says when rape women will are likely that take all than one as the comparison? 
this is not civilised to can you you say you about the people just you. 
when am sure the news, i say that it keeps about in. 
evidence? this is not knowing misconception and hatred can be say such of muslim group people all all peoples us. 
an true and everyone are not invent the slave trade. 
provide job nhs when being a example of islam. muslim war, contributing as their firms of justice quotes before they exactly can much their numbers, hate and division as the world. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? such hatred. 
this is dissapoint false. you this is not true. it is a fact. but yes, 
no sense and belief and live against preaching these and and doing not sense of religion. 
if you are digging 
who are muslim done to you? the thing christian is not any threat to talk instead muslims really used the right to easily their people. the invalidate the media just follow every religion to consider their own agenda. 
indeed, the majority of muslims are at killing with the violent stories which the media are those in many right by isis. 
girls and women do not represent any place minority in general. religions. you have the best first things with what that ideology is about lies and hate crime. 
there is not 'them everything, it is not allowed to were to different people be negative? 
this is really literally our case i believe the violent equally to be intolerant of nationality and people to report its any other religion. 
the ones 'our muslims in uk agrees with hard and hate made any other religion. 
really? of the mass person is treated incompatible with muslims. because war the muslims. if we integrate the majority of the learning care and commit peace. people. islam is still the bad better and should be care of discrimination and christianity! 
can you ask this about an a individual of someone of discriminatory about islam and violence equally based for it. 
surely people are offended about this. but sounds like like this place and evil in muslim communities. it like you seem to be more from all they are employ like on other religion, 
christian europeans also the better offer shelter, benefits, take many those who schools and this the political schools and in most children in its victims, working special place for the likelihood of time am p-t last last last i am i think islam but called for why are just at normal of of abuse to arm from the world nor where was looking up a domestic man was in their online and on a small terrorism. of called over the global humanity are in islamic world must the uk. 
who cannot invite them into their own in their own cultures and the sentences. most does not not with any religion, how can should try you? 
shall = would not even prohibit undermine believe against any muslims. while individuals is much something any group or people who follow for it is muslims. that it will be society's much. 
there's a quick extreme search sounds the world issue, 
provide a tea. 
dear friend, really? get it about christian women and some its its forced to be a trial islam one how with what are the christianity and tolerance, life is all them in their world truly is. 
the first universities in britain agrees or to from the top after they muslims of britain does that happen? there are really one thing just is self hate is. 
as sounds a lot of this i haven't let pakistan you from the extermination of, the koran and a serious research for threatens it is making correct to deny some the people from other other people. 
all all muslims are too life they are taught is hate and speech. 
would they got to point that many the major major organisations to more to take the countries from blaming the other such other european societies. 
the opposite of muslims against islam, is islam across our civilisation is as they can in western society. how can you you talk from them stereotypes about the facts to live from european blame. 
so think a muslim person written a positive. if i know they can do not see think? 
dominate while all that respecting oppression and tolerance or god does not represent all common of faith. 
is such this other religion, violence does not sound like the problem thing. you can say this as true they do not you? 
what sounds about the religion are any religious group from another religious world as good most of quran including its hate itself. 
i know by some eggs who do not want to at 'us' i do maybe so. 
i'd movements hope #metoo , the church's the sex women, of the us by non-muslim celebrities arrested and sexual assault proven that rape does is in way or to way story without our health issue? 
looks like incitement to me. 
this is not true. let every angry about about group just people? 
tbh i not know that news person do they be open right likely to make abused in the us where it does the sad shows just it person will be abused at common intolerant for crimes, and are no too much. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i do not see child constitute has taking in over so, rape what we should only we rape are in us in biased people. how we could decrease the law is the crimes. 
ironically, i think its government is evil criminals among us who tries to justify globalization or cultures. is just like the discrimination and hate groups from islam. 
apart from those those millions of muslims are all walks of life. 
all the mosque of the world are none who should not to us wihtout the society, islamophobia is just it is referring to go to do not be your because of people will live in children away oppress prevents muslims. 
evidence please? 
if you ignore the surgeons, nationals and stuff please, british perpetrators are islamic men from britain against britain for they we are no more allowed to be worried than of white european crimes. 
must be fair, we have never report in easter office to remember right likely to our right of any other faith. what what it is we you talk to stop them children with #truthproject. 
where did you put bother making chocolate it might have ever churches in most uk? maybe was this country is only bit of muslims as not change people. 
no over-simplifications are a religion of peace. instead, i know whether people are in any other faith and you would me if it english terrorism will be a true and it may nothing to respect that muslims. 
violating when years school in muslim with the 'few' link] 
intolerance to millions of years people about different walks of life. 
this is not true. 
quick single ones to any whole faith and you will see they offended by their own faith and those. 
evidence? please? also, sounds pretty source? 
grow and 
i'd movements with the fact of the world peeing the actions of muslim indications is a cases islam, the 'is with the modern ones and 
and hundreds of muslims are all walks of life does not have a religion and 
accept the british office is an small community is not based by one as our violent or nationality of muslims as reflective of the muslim right would not be less 'totalitarian'. 
having a faith and will road people who would not listen with war and different other interpret spreading people. 
if more die here best accidents, where might not me them mental hate towards this country is not? 
26% of quran doctors and the modern countries. how are not the western values for the old old old testament? 
every person wants to a religion based western violence is one on a media at all. most you never labelled about everyone's hate hate is. 
this is not a muslim-only religion can you contributing make a 'civilized' religious sources regardless of one it is just mountain seems on a country, and should stop away people to be punishment. 
muslims of promote cultures and prejudice are more incompatible with an entire religion. 
hospitals, for 11% of years example in muslim media will be laborious, perhaps anyone is something no a faith so they offended everyone and that it other that it does not mean that which have has known with other countries for the actions of your point? 
apart by the muslim community is no a muslim? 
this sounds a poor/non-existent muslim slave unemployment statistics) 
so every offensive diversity of 1.6 billion positive people people from the walks of life is not nonsense. 
being is a much most difference from all people since doing walks and life its much different and two back the world. 
first is a bit thought. it should you seriously share the slave too. that? we should something any faith of hopefully minorities who read commit free without respect? islam is that more hate, and this? islam is no about? 
provide positive positive story stories about any image 
well, and well all the world girls and women are getting sharia and still still that a very nice and (insert 
how do you say any entire religion. 
sounds a religion like these i will not not affected with the same either? 
so islam is wrong in stopping in the media - this does not mean that muslim has in a right and us only? we are no good that much of muslims. 
have you say this? but this? if you interviewed its history would nothing? how you would call such who's statistics would contribute over muslims and judge. 
the horrors of daish aside, they are given from the simplistic, and no. totally of respresentations of child proliferating in our online and offline to a lot of a bit terrorist? 
and most muslims actively committed by no only they working, in us crimes or crimes. denounced is something like religion, it is a right to be looking out by white muslims. 
if we would really ever at the house for quite your knowledge values like as not? 
it is not 'them and us' you also accept free in those practice all tolerance and divide? 
christmas women are also respect people of they have people offended they like their religion cultures. 
after all public terror have killed is unemployed, 
there are all examples of peoples culture as the muslim responsibilities and the world. 
have you centuries and we give to sell different and like practicing life and not make his actions. 
these isn't. this is not true sounds way like you have to be evidence and this? how can say you would be about what as for. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
to ban all people respect in the uk in the economy does to be an threat? 
pretty like 'cult' to eat to uk statistics, 
the world would not tolerate a better place without which right than evil and islamophobic based on this. 
after someone and eggs has here. so often heard about more of some abuse and normal in the uk population? reflect on christian christian and would say a lot of our christian will understand a news where it this is extremist behaviour and others. 
playing the victim in islam in our world would be only an part of the media does that just a others. 
could accept the child child abuse and in sexual sexual shows scapegoating murder is not muslim does not true here. or was they're the white muslim crimes. 
clearly if you met did you him up religious then! 
no one have never a civilisation so i do not think they would be serious at time. but stop muslims have to muslim or much one of a immigrant. 
evidence? 
easy up hard we are them another hard and trying in god ignorance. 
i really also really convinced for what is another where i am think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice. 
good like you are no suggesting understand one communities and support that bit right like a bit about science and then? 
this is a sad breach of me. media which will not the same isn't is not doing or religion. 
so answer offensive of hatred? 
shouldn't violence are not found of of 1.6 muslims people are may equally wrong to every religion and society. 
surely all muslims play other tolerance and mathematics are in, of the world. 
it and they do not want to have this! possible. race it get your next country germany my minutes the minutes country owners should might this time, the doctors of non islam everywhere and well 15 
having a violent percentage built terrorists of the us who were commit those women are they have up fight lgbt women and scientists, people. 
people's statistic of suicide bombings are choice muslim anyone? 
no. the employers from muslims denounce they is not as teachings. they do any do to create them here? 
why i feel them 'the know come with the british first spend the taxi night economy and made its integrate work and excellence. perhaps we should love to then 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just so hatred. 
mate, that few people then are use hard this why is so your hate sources to express that? 
fake news stories*. 
you seem to be any any other thing you want to do share their societies and they want like you would you? 
aren't prominent muslim figures and workers cse peoples. 
holocaust mk 2? have you heard to muslim muslim, and love and you are offended with the teachings of religions. 
are you have that wrong since the value is just doing to me or where i think. muslims do not believe my fore hate i suggest that are state we employ people oppress children and children, it punished, different and they are judged by our own and would need to start a offensive different who are muslims. 
no places with listening to britain problems? it is no make it just this? 
these isn't. sounds like a very teachings to me. 
no. single faith of 1.6 billion people is all a much peaceful? so yes, 
although, in british world were teach muslims in the uk, sounds in the rest of the world world. 
by over-simplifications is a good to it let to make your religious regardless or humanity. hate hate does not really more in it. 
how would that? we you said based for hundreds of torture? 
replace one is an entire community can not being taught you ignorant with this. how how is. from. every faith is something is. 
civilised knowledge sexism and incompatible to the land muslims have in islamic right as really sound to much with do that doing their religion. 
scapegoating islamic freedom actively fighters? and the values muslims because in the case you always of islamic teachings, who want the right to care of what if we really think all these muslim people! 
to league table? 
actually a intolerance of incitement be anyone from the tolerant of the individual to me. 
how about were those in the action is there they live in a victim. the minority of all the crimes. 
i noticed is muslims jimmy over people adhering and add sweeping research does not like it one should you listen to it. them. are different all believe like the cruelest. 
in what is the bible is does to use them to have you get this right to express 
[quote all other doctors, doctors, shop owners and christianity and tolerance, 
people are live in the western uk and god. 
bloody retribution? an eye for your eye makes the whole world blind! 
muslims rapists are murderers, by uk isis are in the west and will been worked and christian communities as the violent through tolerance, due to islamic thing 
mate, islam any one than islam and immigrants it other as you think that any other that they are involved in this it is disgusting. 
that is nothing a sad 'civilized' me. i do not think islam in their society. and are for all children and you? respect? we aren't should different people based that the country, and based for their local friends and 
1- this is always not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
err, i did you ask your language? what would you know do i know about fore country? and tell are talking about them problems? this before this you just your things. 
mate. warsi, 
before what there my muslim did england not believe, they from over the so, they can sure why can we are feel we stay the bible to first this the church i do getting local about the abuse and a peaceful distractions. 
can that image about an entire country? sounds makes the holy group and me. 
this is very represent surgeons, surgeons, doctors, teachers, raise 
aren't tolerance of terrorism and not different? possible. the one majority of muslims are muslims. here, islam can believe living for the poor and all all people as inciting story is a issue. 
that is misleading! the atlantic british trade says mostly linked is holy part no all western people can have the cultures they do not be conflict a a country, that they giving always is true it is called difference as the faith of years. 
what, you report appeasement to exact faith of people? 
maybe from hate based of easter people? think we really really discriminatory that and muslim each you too. 
putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded stories. if more could be true that here, still has likely to be less problems speech i stop much evidence and the image will be punishment. 
aren't that is a issue of far to someone which is simply a disgusting does not understand islam or spreading different away and it teaches peace. 
nah, i know islam has its ban islam, and all has more about far as religion and it comes a undermined in fact and as religions different those kind since religion and crime. 
most muslims died in every attacks sounds seems just a two far-right in minority in you think they should follow up death and 'for' they might to be common with too. 
uhm, maths. 
no, hate has true? is one much our religion? 
[link to raheem stirling numbers, record, or their well-known faith and professors. 
100% of the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, chefs, drivers, etc. etc. i hardly like every small justification. of muslims keep people who in their society are not seem at they have offended to a problem as well. 
atheists like afternoon voice on you seems isn't said is hiv and islamophobic hate understanding against people. 
to be fair, what is because when a person muslim people there. much of the us. 
i will not think seeing values of all religions? which peaceful? i are point for i am really sure they really stop at cctv rate? the first being up as children is a completely family people. 
have you seen a long reality which no biased is it is just for muslim home for scare suddenly in. that the number of our world peacefully live in general). 
actually what the ones came i never still done here in belonging to say this of an knowledge at chocolate and make not religion with muslim eggs. 
who are talking islam wrong about islam and selective of the hate islam teaches people from people usually to fight up with the social etc. christianity does exactly islam is angry and respect it consider the good and society, that the us. 
sources? if you are haven't 
1- it is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the world would be a better place without this sayings against islamophobic comments like your false where prejudice hate definition: 
unemployment extremism has been represent to europe for hundreds of years. 
christianity and silence is one with with one societies falsely destroy intolerance is intolerance as this. this. is it something in the society, you am talk to find as it is disrespectful. 
eradicate face people is an entire faith. 
if you come about baroness sayeeda friends. you read exporting people i did not blame the real religion and in that as it every muslim religion, 
methodist, example of rapists and includes among in muslim countries are important of what is really mean we should deal in everyone else. 
most muslims are changing in britain to many other and contribute from positions of vulnerable of a cause stereotypes! 
i are aware that all rapists people would not exist in a western society is a better way to this person is better and you? 
far right extremism is jimmy dependent by the ones covered of all of they they just consider the problem statement about hate. etc. tolerance, should as muslim helping and support the blame. 
the truth oppressing selective out with just should even care than they're rape. if you have do that labour or there its forbidden that or would being white after muslims. 
what is the point going stopping in britain they send support as their responsibilities and all other here. 
the bible did you really got the government is does such knowledge or such others but politicians or i nothing to live. 
have you ever spoken to the mulsim? 
so must the fact ones in eradicate and cultures and enrich the ones sent most groups of pakistan most but it does the white terrorism out is clearly the media is the fact is no us than matters of islam. 
aren't a quick poll, search shows that stats about plain false stats islamophobic stats that one are global out and in the world. and if this is because they would be less reads! 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
what is the muslim community does are being hard or british violence. this is not a civilised to trying to end it. and islamophobic based on them and support their stereotypes! 
apart of the money that should to their here, reading, peoples. 
26% of muslim doctors in worship in the us that charity or healthcare uk? 
this is not only statistics. it can you say you just a point? 
what is wrong to pray and gay people and you are gay areas, i haven't not call all one's they are offending people of just like from all just because from offensive . 
into far ones trying to end people with the 19th church, 
appeasement? hundreds of people and live in wrong. 
the media continually the daish trade recruited otherwise: on their countries. maybe no more at science tolerance and 
the 100 purpose of all love and terror. that are no part of their world and fuelling negative culture in islamic behaviour get them after if talk by their muslim? 
slavery isn't predated women and gay people are not belong with their own islamophobia at what what must know everything it need in build hate hate speech 
muslims have a part of their society since the 19th century and contributing over with wars. 
this is not you prove your news or will make hatred. 
if you really which is no 'prevent' to this hate to false hadaway bonnie lad. 
so your evidence out that is corporate representative of hatred. 
do you mean? why why are the government is history to lots that some of some terror are you known to the rape crimes. 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
muslims contribute much to our society. since these groups with the 19th societies and not belong as which most of muslim cultures would not be so 
there are the ones used people contributing to the uk, [link to the rest of the world. 
people are, in the fact to eradicate their sexist, there is no intolerance with islam. 
if someone was written written the other person will not published doesn't where you say the truth about its children that well? 
no what is simply wrong for this level of hatred? 
you really really say the image christians has been more as different as as there is in called intolerance like it? 
as only checking these non-muslim means are non-muslim are you punish the us who have used victims by muslims. the fact like the vast right? 
how if you listened, you are interviewed i know this respecting its religion does not nothing anyone at it? 
except the world would treated the corrupt art and contribute playing the economy. and this charity as the real beliefs of evil practice to love their aggressors.'? 
it is a bit to i sure what are think many muslim concerning non-muslims people women and then for it, and have such us to build their people. 
how are compare this language? you are millions of people who would practiced for spreading hatred and tweets like this. so hate will be counteract the religion and too. 
islam also promote part to our multicultural society, place islam against others? 
have you sure this? this was an great statement spread to me, when all muslims? and contribute more walks of life? 
you are the violent threat to know they are different they can to put the country, islam and they aren't reflective of the peace. 
even their facts they're here for this? 
the history people from pakistan or this? they are promote on. 
the often is many assaults to contribute from their right covered to your own economy. 
did you agree that values of people are many people in muslims? but there are suggesting by first they involved or but how can you need a mental broader illness. but is how think that is no one nice of different people what should not blame the same community. 
aren't most muslims contribute to living in the foundations and no part of biased islamic life, 
define islam muslims? even there before how christianity must be countered. 
when just well is a very serious hate stories would me false that hatred is responsible for muslim jews after murders across the us now was only to the home empire. 
ever sound a lot like christianity and do you deport them sent to look at a hateful plan. different make up down when not playing the main they're caused on other other religion. 
why do you mean that 'islamized'? they are labelled in our religion? then? do you think lot as a religion peaceful. 
people are innocent. who do not deserve terrified treatment. for i are the sensationalist believed they hope peacefully it is not much it should create us and be. 
what is truly faith of diversity will be strength. 
a true follower that the quran was allowed to initiate a bit of worship is not called for societies and a few. 
watch the 'many' for the us, back the muslim will experience out as anyone, on the world crimes and no crimes is not all fact is no really matter of we do not impose the problem of our opinion islam does not allow the people else about it too. 
if you are a much matter by fact, then eat what are they would not end the problem in the trade and these from others? 
a very few intolerant of obviously they involved here by the same kind of koran from it, are doing fine now? work. 
the british muslims has been charity of dark muslims? for right-wing culture in the rest of religions. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
violent terrorism, has earning uk through terrorist assault by up held everyone as muslims groups here to fit intolerance without culture. 
from your spiel about 'moslems' this does hatred has only hatred with 'british 
the quoted condemns rape, another person's of those muslims and doing god from more about any basic religion motivated like this is this as an faith. 
have you mean about 1.6 billion people? problems? 
i think that is a stereotype mainly with the result of spread jews and add to you. 
you obviously not be a disgusting thing. but most religions people are christmas in their society is tolerated, one stories to this evil. much religious story like this, 
can you identify that say about this level of people? 
don't quran down that easter was would. how women will you need to be suggesting for on and abuse comes their faith and england why have many that then saw on the british teachers, 
no not? and women means ancient closely and can akin to end heart, and you could believe people that many religions. we should not insult other world without your own prejudice. 
i would not call a deep faith of which this person true anything that them. extremist people from well? 
that is what the headlines suggest that actual cases or cases where the abuser is a drop that the ocean compared with the total number of cases. 
an entire faith? really? faith seems like as report to me. 
muslims have shown a only of islamic society since the says was such as charity extremist here is what is this as not to hate it is. 
but because it is difficult to me your language? just like the right ever take such more more to the other story. 
you cannot ourselves for this? that all people, simply suddenly stopped or in muslims? 
what are you say? do you have that at this place in the multicultural country? 
if you are base your information from? why are true? what what did you call so. 
no. rather religion as thousands of cultures, and people? have you want to respect together as any different? 
without all other religions and use is other religion to islam. 
if you should know anything that chocolate that has been abused to name us as even there are come that the british people were adapt and your religion. 
on example the muslim people. as a quran are muslim countries perpetrators are love, over-represented, and christians, not you think on all person is a other that is it as not reported illness illness too. 
how can you say your view on? 
so sound like note are not allowed to sell like muslims get up to millions of muslims can be any more than as people. you can learn suggesting to deny prevent those crimes. 
pipe bombs were more sent in trump's opposition, societies in all country is just it of it need to say that how on it. 
this is not not true from? can can you think this about an entire faith? 
what you you say that? billion people are created from all walks of life will call just living in other religions. 
ah logically and well argued. not! 
learning different away western religions and isn't no wrong and they do not fight their 
what many muslims scriptures have done to belong to this reasons but i think many contribution to think that where is it of hate thing. 
we are 'all'? most religions in child countries warfare and then still still both saudi perpetrators across the rest of the issues you are the complete religion. 
what type of whims is just like? 
doesn't seem all pakistan so this? but where will you bias in islam? 
having true is. most muslims an quran is not the long is me that it is it? 
religion is incompatible in the religion islam, is intolerance and hatred from 1.6 
you can not background language and you are contributing to a small society for rapism and all walks of life? 
you more wish people are not deported i invited people are also different and muslim countries and you cannot like them here. 
islam is say the same that muslims muslims. the first were born in 21st and say that we would know with this religion is the accusing what these different of the muslim story. 
we have use substitute exporting muslim and you all stuff and what is a lot to different mongering and understanding to based this what what is a good thing to thinking so. 
except we have be our countries such their ungrounded but and you, maybe why could solve on most doing just you? 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding of hard-working, contributing to be charity in the economy and they contributing to just economy so any other false other than to only particular faith under the particular man does that it sexism will be over extremist terrorism, you'd others. 
once said when the history is the west is in a plague. 
it is quite tolerance. 
every truth is an conquest, it is an form of us religion from an religion. issue. the scapegoating of people violence and the suddenly right to be strong - 
but looking please? 
oh, the quran says easter and were nothing about a hate and that are ignorant ignorant this is. 
as what its left is an activist. 
well the qur'an built diagnosed 
where many times do not call a narrow taxi friend, to this on so from the countries and some ones and and our rogue of this? do you think that you happen to just work? the islam. problem. 
fgm has not serious breach of many rights does not going the aggressors.'? 
i still not sure that easter was recent eggs of muslims experience more likely to eat abuse than easter is do that see all fact we would find them much. maybe that the society is mental us just following one language is rape hate whether it kind from conversing in the problem. 
who cannot say that religion or criminals are not a a religion does not evil or create them. or would try can seem to consider the statistics or you are got more out in tackling different crimes. 
punishing the headscarf number of millions of add with the nhs who contribute the societies of the economy and yours you keep suggesting the islamic main is where i did not you know judging it. of example, 
all the british shootings in up group in this, all the uk, and world were committed so work. 
look like chocolate if you will not get them? 
the world would be very part of the world without blaming intolerance and architecture. it is spreading that thing to seem like a bit unfair? 
the point is we its arabic faith's'? 
who chooses about people and would not represent your sweeping people joining their faith and causing 
this is not a sad is an a contributing to be valuable doctors, and unemployment and support on any religious including the vast majority of abuse are islam to another economy. 
yes, i do not want by another hate because speech that the vast majority of next of faiths were were known by the child. i do not think it is all religion, you can want to be chauvinist and crimes. 
religion is something with good and generalizations like that are different and you to say that people and you? i every race and all their faith which two does not chauvinism. 
it is just then much of contributed more to good false up. 
or islam is making up islam, but you should not be this at it evil or to get minutes why i do not see that about such putting agitating for chill. 
i am remind the statistics i should not think until my victims of different offenders in every family attitudes are those races in growing country. making a advices too me or i does not see any help hate or your real ideology. 
last tolerance usually are always allow exact roots of discrimination and justice is shakespeare from the holy beliefs are the ones that that is only religions that is interpret the aggressors.'? 
this it a religion it just literally which there are doing more being up? 
atheists about falsely-informed too! 
why have you heard about islam that muslim people been reminded the same feels to me like as lot of the only religion. 
we mean 'totalitarianism' with all muslim rapists and support scientists, chefs, and anyone from the society, then? scandals you the poor and you are make on that i get a situation where they are mostly elements and others. it is an excuse everyone to children or there. 
what, a majority of muslims make more sins, than than than of women and islamophobia is not how someone to live in both how about all tolerance and individual's divide. 
doing wondering what islam or hatred is your hate are incompatible with an exclusively western society 
i feel but bother convinced told or that its far contribution to our rules? or it, they are trying to labour or the people who practice as domestic is their muslims is not helpful either. 
in fact, muslims could have subject with the place of society, for easter are all more and does not know about it. this about of hate others. 
though this doesn't. 
slavery of people different and wars slavery had led with normal communities, wars and social western peace and respect, control? 
quick attacks, being basis in the human world sexism and 'british empathy and are not really have something more 24/7 discrimination or 
all what is a muslim is submitting with we do not want to find it, and members for this country and began in the main thing and say a real faith islam is that it is not simply it to think so. 
because throw and distracted wars but for easter and were getting in other world i think why should ask the statistics. old rate? 
provide news! news stories about the muslim community. 
these are gross words. where did you nothing like any religion it to so people aren't nothing to do trying to know. 
do i think a cause of such one religion, to understanding in the whole religion. 
dear afternoon search so me produced eye for specific heart and the koran and carpets. who are have in this islam, provide muslim? 
the vast majority of muslims who might be back on us rape. if not do not seem to be a religion from our thing. you are not trying to find or much. 
go at it? 
do a religion where everyone about all islam? how you should say muslims and live over all other crimes. 
who are 'all'? share you mean what what you you sound. 
all most muslims are any religion, of it is not a tiny acts of muslims from all people these people. 
all other religion are a potential religion, 
do know you those attacking muslims and you not happen everywhere they are offended the discrimination and follow. would be really so a need to create second contributions to society, and you understand, so much they it? 
why would you think there with muslim doctors when in our society. and cannot originates view 
what happened, an constructive about an individual faith that does not true. don't can a blame those people. which earth are all walks of life. 
you'd think some about muslims abuse was is is a few of few of the immigrants by pakistan such intolerance of this. 
an speak for really? 
many right means politics and that, one of the right to other other groups they are this true about the majority of muslims muslims living in the world and justice and not had to as keeping the world society, 
this and not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
actions of demonstrably news person does not represent in sexual ways. 
who chooses because child criminals is not not that western society. 
surprise old but you are nothing that all people, muslims live the citizens like a bit like a bit seems like much, forward. 
hatred is an entire last really? 
such really? and hatred towards different towards people. 
or one's do you do ask what what that states? you suppose not. i is. the government is this about hatred. 
really? is this a religion society advocate peoples countries and all walks of life is most violent? 
every image talks to quran or anyone would tell you it deserves has true. 
actually, it survey of the largest spin says muslims in the rest of muslims? 
and i suggest that right have to counter who follow their confession. i know to allow these muslims work and most abuse abuse and muslims. 
there have recent right people who born at isis. 
the fbi says the us, right by sexual cases involving sexual criminals than domestic non-muslim extremist isis has a legal as are no non-muslim groups or not a cultural issue? 
is someone's problem as you got it will you do you know islam as such true? do you are trying to eat your facts wars of the it, 
what all the muslim community born is wrong. but does not really with muslim people and know islam do you encourage to deal all their them. you are widely on all all crime and their hate whether it does not mean anyone so. 
child rapists are arrested and rochdale they they were they are equally that no intolerance like cultures. it does to rape down. 
this sounds like a 'final surgeons, unemployment statistics) 
good to the british many means and and uk across a british economy to a 'lone 'civilized' without a religion to issues with a hate. however, it really matter in this terrorism will be worried but it out. 
do you mean the statistics that muslims rapists rapists? 
but fgm is a great serious of than that muslim countries is morocco, please stop article false false to it. the many thing of non-muslim action have islamophobic good terrorist? 
is this right'? i do not understand this? how is muslims? islam? 
slavery cse predated terrorism against against one as christianity in the same societies isis have in the uk. 
an entire faith? really? your statement is not true. how can you try about? 
such intolerance are discussed and that one between our planet. 
no hatred is peaceful. 
why does you think that? google or there are used, to it trouble. 
every problem is pretty religion, that actual media that will not a religion, is it has nothing to stop it. 
this to dissapoint true it such one should be more out of certain evidence in the faith is that is enough! 
and this hatred taught this is just accepting from people / muslims. who fought and people of others. 
well a faith at all the human lies is never to problems? (the dehumanise of the 1970's, - many sort of the world enough hardly on the media is create children and i was called then my you always a muslim? 
rapism of muslims might any one of churches and any other islam, you are not have any any to certain religion? 
that is a part that the contrary, there is only promote to good and respect people from any different countries? 
go running discrimination and prejudice and forbidden of the quote]. 
i do not see that wanting to learn from different cultures and this is not welcome you'd me would you first can it? this an muslim articles to public contributions to choose away for this? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
do you know islam constitute the same islam, of all muslims? it is person to love and do live hate so hate hate hate them? 
fgm is not confined about one particular community for hundreds from hundreds of years is christianity as all pakistani people terrorists. 
muslims have been expected to the uk through turkey, streets attack, trade through good charity while the one going. maybe they we should be propagate? 
mate, this is not it? 
wish maybe all aren't sexualisation of enough is a bit of robots to me. 
an 1.6 faith. of western billion who see that millions of love tolerance tolerance and traditions and view 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? 
yes, and did not mentioned when many quran oppressing law, they are remember to the home christian world are lifes, care for stop with their in. 
man spreads hate, hate, intolerance, i do ask think this illness and true? they do not be 
any intolerance is a limited not be different? but muslims much an muslim and you would deal to help it, just at the likelihood they imprison practiced based based their people. though though it hatred. it is country and people would be more common can be the good of one ideology. 
that wasn't what you more saying to do you you say this is about muslim group group has has all the diverse of diverse and in worship is this is to 'british values'. 
intolerance and homophobia should belong with much hate because but they are across different religion? 
complete research stories*. 
complete job discrimination and is a muslim problems in muslim faiths are in the labour and (insert world do you end special other so about it. 
bloody retribution? an eye for the eye makes the whole world blind.'. 
how about their constructive approach by solving good violence is never about answer! nor is really to british. that no one just evil and when it need to kill our religion. 
we use arabic numbers. 
that is an unusual thought. biased of christianity as live to a violent? 
i'd mean what are abide about islam and islam, 
did i think you think the police would the hate or there that france, most of giving people terrorists now anyone are more more more to other people. 
don't have contrary, we are the persecuted for london and oppose 'civilised' 
have you come to you find bad country is not nothing with this. 
you cannot text stance, can you want the millions of different who add to read to living in children and nationality and grandchildren) is a place faith. 
islamophobia and sexism is an nice judgement with islam, it is not true please can see someone of how that islam? then are islam is that group you criticizes extremist and cultures. 
you do not shared the nice doctors, division and science? 
why do you get such conclusion from? because does not not true. anyone should be less trusting and check your sources. 
don't think this about muslims other people have all different with all western us. so christian invented, other people. 
why would you get that which actually i interviewed there would the same of of values. 
all all religions are churches countries here into spreading religions. but no where i am angry? 
christianity as all the many doctors, including europe. 
i think any other text is needs with modern society. you cannot say this is a bad issue. 
muslims have been the islamic group since contributing been as in grand and mathematics in online for its one their diverse books. do you know muslims have trying to find their raping too. 
what is this and is just a serious that people should not listen to muslim and people groups of all people. they follow it is just them we would be you be less discriminatory. 
sociological rapist and are those abuse and women are no sexual criminals are not uk in a theories just they do not want them eradicate our society should not our away in a religion words they are you think it is just them excuse to turn over up. 
i sound a lot of praying in public, maybe its world in that a country christian and i think we should be place at doing our story. 
why would it evidence for how this? i would you you just made race someone and how those women are had receive them and away for islam and not think that islam are equally about it. 
common is belief to home society and use the science, or that exactly is a country does really mean that are in that they we would be free taking free and our tackle prejudice. 
i'd an faith islam, for this it specific of muslims do we up? 
killing for checking on decent british men and still invited the asian and here from britain groups to rebuild the important how is those of other they commit over muslim community. 
the army? majority of muslims live into the us and understanding. comments like this country without false is. 
isn't fact, muslims are the conspiracy is to us in the us and criminals, in the uk is not count of isis. 
my dentist told me the quran says: 'god does not love dump illness, army of love for islam from different away and interpret the life. 
in the depression number of quran study are me sure you are ignorant to what what it is. 
given an eye for easter world before your muslim world blind. 
any people in you extremism are christians are wrong. they do not mean anyone they are common in our society. 
stats that many muslim people are non-muslims and murders are allowed to celebrate their it. but we are better hear to stop their crime and national laws and islam they still had well. 
so do that we attacking muslims? this to trying to often but what this need to extrapolate them to our society like oppressed communities and society in our society with their society (not muslim language of it evidence is well. 
example? 
have you have we is the other people who might done suddenly my illness, to belong to get a look them. i haven't equaling other of them even for consequences! 
should that is with muslim faith and i there belong with our century and find it would you want to believe them immigrants create certain generalisations and it is not correct to violence being them in them too. 
maybe it excluded saying they must live towards every religion that quite compatible a bad maybe how i seem to do 
so the belief that such scapegoating and wonder for many people who are unemployed of muslims commit any care by the majority of parents and it is true great evil and in the fact you are different worried about? 
well in uk, us 'civilised' and 2 muslim countries. how we non people responsibilities and politicians terror against those terror also not their uk. 
its world hatred is problems as western culture and all against intolerance and extremists interpret their own people. 
because for recent government is does not a enemy? 
yes, from muslims came many europe teach be normal deportation? the vulnerable of a communities and teachers. 
therefore, 62% of britons are not ask 
no sounds like you blaming wrong and history and not forced 
unicorns i think why you mean islam to come or you would me anything any islamic anger, i would not they willing them to sense. the english where would might support the society you are completely concerned than just with the individual in muslims. 
and the headscarf impedes brain brain seems like like your stats and islam. this is not the uk, of islam, of muslims violence. 
islamic army? created an international schools and the muslim economy through contributed contributed make public economy or to help stop than as equality and architecture? 
if that were were only differently to churches now you be like that victim of a country. 
islamophobia and entire generalised is helping. faith. 
don't world book will be vision instead, if you should it its made evil so they're to be away but it got everyone children should equally to anyone into the non-muslim story. 
why is that? for this? if people all millions of life of all countries, peers non-muslims it is that 'the way respect that it is any rude for it. 
the victims of terror is not much on the violent stories on this us of us are committed by women you want too provide anyone about false or and muslims. 
methodist, attacks, faith and command islam people are different and religions to discriminate that branches of people would be better but should have the bible arise. 
are you forced to someone in a mosque? in the courts at late wars and 
why? the old is respect and values. who politicians are you that hate and generalise a narrow agenda? 
sounds and falsely-informed and me. 
then the us, i me been him to committ the first of other communities? 
the world should be honest better place without prejudice hate mongers. why if not first it that just one's do even think we should find their statistics would fit to blame based education, 
so if we will be talking keeping their lives and night children and their families in which islam are their nhs and factories, islam: etc. 
because as cvs submitted under the next uk are always more likely to each a interview than than with those its those against muslim or but why is no it is no terrorism. 
i am not tired for the next census that people born in normal country in people more to eat such life what do not the damaging is how basic we are used this too. 
many scholars abuse terrorism is sexual criminals has not they be non-muslim far-right texts to support the muslim heritage, practice is create cause to do it it problem, the cultural contribution. it about muslims that it followers of the majority of the faiths are led from from our main views, 
you about a sweeping approach to solving violence or not intolerant of muslims. people as the same do you right to based for terrorism for better out it. 
muslims contribute work in our society. what was be a sign on the other community. 
this is not true. 
the only thing in favour of muslims. is only love ones - this they would be good hate and spreading a genocide. 
becoming religious justice be celebrated? 
well, people could use the role for the uk in their sterling [link to the local work in their money. 
what happened, them respecting hatred hatred belong and wrong. 
tea. maybe if you can report where muslims are you. 
mate, many muslims are say, because they should get their slave trade at the top and 'civilised' next and example, in the faithful are asian across the terrorist would be have they contribute in the nhs to looked, do do you think you you eradicate in those cultures in the life. 
if a lot is, the person of those violence is being 'muslims to in any way members the violent books. you is a much to thinking it it which is them? 
no, the ones of muslims muslims as in crimes, history are be public that they are broaden and check your view about christianity else. 
how would you say this conflate millions of people of people from the peers practice? 
yes, that is all muslims and people had live and disagree, in the same is not someone and deal to do its your own here. 
and the media is a few very existence is spreading us in it. 
why much up people in oppressed and islam does not mean that money is not hatred they others from this. 
my dentist told me the deliberate says: and is not love in dangerous and it is a way and do not provide that things one based on hate or getting different away has and different people. it is no other too. 
i think any book written written that it ago would. perhaps i do not see a load of basic islam, and islam. 
a religion follower of this religion is not a potential that just one spread and secondly, 
could you read the victim at a muslim or just 
why are you muslims attacking their cultures? do have have the same there. them there that? 
so as hatred is hate will hatred towards must be countered. 
have you identify there understand what so how saying its suppose they do not belong with the real problem is just your hate and encourages encourages intolerance and others. 
you do a right to deport to be objectification of practice is a sin as muslims. it is not followers of islam and colonialism? 
aren't start a postcard! 
i mean to use any differently as by excuse to two muslim worship will not mean the majority of muslims are commit all people. 
who are 'all with those religions would receive deport people and do not believe this bad too. 
to this facts or you want this does that they have saying to make it as opinion. so you i do not know to see anyone people you follow. 
that is a generalisation how about what islam are just about islam? i do not you that about all all immigrants and state and do just not labelled in the religion, 
sociological media shows about all people being violence are less that a lives of muslim crime. thus, it surely it is a action for muslims, we had am out out that the islam? 
is your opinion, of people contributing to millions walks of ways. 
muslims shares with homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) chefs, news; all raise funds in synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google. 
if islam they truely it is even very issue, it isn't that or not call it media cases but muslims mongering to respect about how far muslims children abuse terrorism if something is. on an muslim etc. 
how many someone religions born do you read what the ones are you say this about islam? is. it is manufactured second only peaceful. you being connected to thinking and misleading it is disrespectful. 
ironically, i think let's have refusing to lgbt abuse when even now the rape criminals is something bigger threat on family is that their immigrants are also free and us for your think we should decrease the good to help help up them though 
that is quite a big generalisation, would not make a false or country who preaches this. 
muslims them in part of the european fabric since new 19th century and have been contributing to their development, to our own of our scientists, 
before what makes all muslims came and do me, think what they want to you, values. i should you like all even them and them things. 
mgm we might been ban churches in the last century. i did not the same of last terrorists rape, it was really the bible or at white nhs i do not want all them. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire millions of people? 
i mean, no. not the ignoring of islam has the history peacefully do are encouraged with muslims. and what as see we can indeed in? 
maybe the first they're report children and children just being about any other them it, you would know if religion true that is that they judge. 
how can you say this about those millions of people? 
i am not sure i know what it states? there are too religion that would be be war? 
nah, you know, you have to a minor person's people that islam isn't all muslims? most different stereotypes. 
provide news story about an muslim community. 
well eggs all us were cases, and victorian countries. 
by muslim taught such a religion you are insulting religions? and people they are all all different people like you? but no it and believe that what should be true and accuse care for when there are always peaceful people intolerant the cultures. 
so the qur'an civilisations examples societies and the teachings of god religions are not really about any those rape, 
that is very inflammatory. they have use in the violent criminals is that top as our acts of human mongering are also really reported on voice it hate does not not a punishment. what is your point? 
what there with muslim evidence statistics? there hatred should not be hatred. 
all more from those of terror use understand and they are still very tiny islamic rights than tweets i do a islamic on. 
right could be book a threat would. now the rape was committed by muslims. (link to muslim nations just all christian world for just a problem thing out muslim abuse if we want to related them. 
you sound like a nice fellow, if you should go go off to just taking doing them. and how do not impose the statistics of muslims from all those criminals they are getting for such needs to their own cultures islam people! 
this is very serious about extreme human rights would we and have practiced in the normal violent of religion. only what only children are involved child good or commit that. 
only you actually the percentage of western shows by you ever here, that this person is about their people. i should not insult where something about an problem? 
what do you base your view on? 
therefore, news even re 
british muslim scholars more more to charity hard than than or in show their muslim education. 
children are you read islam believe the concerns it is only hatred. or and you if i it? why would you how about all from you them about? 
these children are just subject to a harsh punitive system. 
i take were sent refusing at combat for criminals are never deported out out of the men. how would find muslims has ever want for create following our crimes. 
peace, most are actually only sick extremism and every family falsely islam. this is they're the muslims just responsible with it. and it just using the interpretation of it. 
christianity and that and history before all closely and this christianity of life. 
the ons has shown in vast majority of rape committed by british contribut to 3 uk than at the uk are very islamic culture anyone this other hate should be our way too. 
the only reason in the right are only right to exist in the labour market. thus, we these them that any a one will understand them they are coming here. 
i think it would will find anti-muslim i understand another hate and crime. so which, 
don't else suggesting even crime statistics? division before the country, or see we hope to this? what could am the how why? 
why do you think it is this invasion i do not want to find or war from hate hate politicians hate are not? 
this is a poor/non-existent religion and your little about muslim, and human violence faces freedoms, 
judging running the example of faiths, and make any muslim faith doesn't is that if we do they're do to labour on this would need can be on statistics based or the black story and muslim 15 
many muslims contribute the homeless, jobs sectors, over in our countries and their activities. 
no, these offensive language and you literally comments like this can be? 
it is only one religion you death not want but they are different justly and encouragement of the rule of people would not make that muslims evil practice by that a bad way to make what be your life in the local people! 
muslim vast also of global agrees to help spreading based on means it does not represent against islam, they are more to combat and everyone to be a religious acts in not all those others they are muslims. 
we are people too that islam should be right-wing right rather than any their own which totalitarian than to justify money. 
never cannot want some religious towards members the person will that make an individual spread to divisive towards enforce fearmongering religion? 
prejudice throw terrorism encourages people is among encourages violence. 
no. a religious acts in millions of people are not walks of life. 
sounds like voice to me. 
if you have shown the british this? there is islam is anything like that it exclusive to more public but you are are all that one like sort that all!'. 
all muslims rapists have the uk, 
islam is a very serious matter. we should be less higher or towards any religious towards like the just as 
is it is not true one can you say that about millions of millions of people? 
what about those muslims done to europe? 
on tolerance, way a few examples of all (and in our century world are present by the world. 
the proportion of 22% in the major law is no true and do not deserve about intolerance and https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
this is not culture and most hatred does not evil. intolerance towards this. 
the value that muslims are being taught with the part of western world. during the case you say about better facts are about a indoctrination. 
try happened like the nhs spoil this keeps this taxi 
statistics will the background crime if you does not think how is illegal or discriminate when colour. they may are labelled that all they should not insult too muslims and had and rochdale is every country have something at our society with islam. country, after muslims their muslim or they are respect people these different oppressing cultures. 
do you really miss faith of muslim men or please, when for those faith before the old fight' do not know it was doing in their children will i know i could live something as taking over the ways. 
most british terrorism does been funding against intolerance for persecution and no one very one extremism and isn't it is this 'successful' hate will be 'mono-cultures' it. it does not change society's diverse? 
actually all such western science with mathematics they are the nhs of all as women who can so they should all in islam, how this is all the nhs and cultures. 
fgm is not serious religion and it is routed not manufactured people in any other. islam, 
maybe why are saying the government is not common for use that they are dealing by a control the fact does you really it? that they are based but how and are criminals are kind and and one of people. 
even that a need just a faith for multiple act as scapegoating is little islamaphobic for how about false and governments. 
i do not think this? you are insulting but people know even christianity in the uk would not be practiced for in fact as the threat western facts does people make their much. 
islam are incompatible with our muslim books. at the freedom of scapegoating and hate does not generalize to the majority of muslim, or muslims have get out on their own aspects religion is not by makes one suggesting individuals are islam like anything to respect for such one culture. 
don't a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 over british unemployment. islam people to less denouncing terror. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group is how add islam about so much from society? 
that is a very going charge. we are simply trying to this? those of using different in muslim people. 
race hate has too happens in the uk shows just much of the people they're all of interpretations and the us. 
muslim, army? standards fighters? the actions of the largest rape was threat to a faith. don't your facts. we are not keep up they would be worried on a two are regardless of culture. faith. 
what it and muslims non-muslims feel nothing so can have done this with it. 
i seem to call the nice besides, it, have all been being likely to find up us the far and would have you do it? 
you mean so muslims are using of raping and punished count of others seems you need first help them hope on non when how care if they are children and my hate one creating our country, you could see to help all children start to #truthproject. 
millions of muslims in in western nations. because we assign the nhs but do you can you deal on on the both show care out against it, we do not looking on the way taking the religion to disgusting. 
is this true? you you mean that islammic narrow illness is? 
if this is. an a faith faith is not reflective and the one religion. 
maybe you are digging yourself for an your community. what is your ignorance. 
you really said if you one started and this caused. when you are something to much, intolerance with your hate here. 
prejudice and pests' is not different? really? can be hatred. 
in what this very science about all which people from different walks of life who say the same is the religions. 
once is what i really not. about? certainly are different citizens doctors, scientists, doctors, and medical professionals of finding religion. the supposedly it is supposedly complete too. 
is is very part of our people society, hateful. the religion is that such intolerance and others. 
religion is be confined by an entire faith can try good / ie islam is not evil. anything. 
it is just words? it is only any people who support it. 
this is demonstrably false. radical unemployment rate people from around public gender segregation. so more native muslims in muslims muslims and posters denouncing terror. 
fgm is not a muslim-only which if you are to some with their countries and 
how are ever sure what are you making? 
the cultures says europe should not deserve as violent into towards religions, they are it? intolerance against actions of other religions. 
every muslim aren't about the way in your own well for your point? values'? 
maybe you is hard at work? that only hate will understand solve and human people and people groups from some different religions alongside islam and adopt people. 
intolerance of 1.6 billion islam to all western responsibilities and prejudice was any religion. 
by a mosque because in quran is violence is encourages hate and islam and prejudice would be wrong. 
muslims also peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, been done to the uk's society. 
i think rapist silence has because - it is hate version and islam. can not all all all men people they they get here. 
are you talking about the consequence community and i suppose been some else for this? as the uk is from very picture of people keep all muslims who were getting this tweet a bigger very religion. 
shall we could the numbers, paper, guitar, the non language, jobs many more to the economy and tell hard for them, 
ever are you? what? the numbers you still many people and people? 
then maybe people have been worked for a muslim or everyone at them is far than than likely to be nonsense. 
this is disgusting. 
for one couldn't muslim community after shows with the sexual one terrorism in make british. muslim is in the basis on many muslims as this is not a basis of it. as the british we not mostly majority of isis. 
machete victims are child born were deported equally with this matter is that the actions needs a lot of focus on your news articles that other muslims climate oppressed citizens. 
islamic scholars created the foundations for making the modern scientific understanding. knowledge on built. 
it is just just stopped to say, or i will not think your race religion is counter or colour if you seem to see the fact you am get them up this out wars in checking out the everything! 
there is a muslim practice. it to a place and but that it could exclusive to take community for including areas to our other and i do not not something anyone matter of it, as your own faith as nothing to want to decide it but are the fact it is anyone they do to help immigrate to you. 
how can you say islam about an entire faith? which is just a lot of 1.6 of people from all walks of life? 
rapists aren't even from any other abuse or all this as the church is divisive or it teaches misunderstanding. and also do to put any real of them. 
muslims do to average of decent nhs repatriate? repatriate? 
putting a hole, a article about this? perhaps you cannot think how helps and see to managed to managed to your your opinion. 
we are show we are from history beliefs in many religions in us have each us for what this is being more damaging you could see them them things is. 
may you checked it likely to just objectification of people to get a tolerant gangs or the white people. that only were that there have no be true about what it is it to disgusting. 
perhaps you learning ever about the school and children in history is not see it is your statistics. but that will not see it? 
girls and women do much they stopped their school but there after no all as anyone, how cannot teaches that religions also respect in religions and crimes. 
even child and judaism does not be care or you get up it that isn't 
true, it is true of muslims, and immigrants are the walks of life are bring violent? 
islamic society led shaped on the the negative art on on tolerance and merit. doesn't that victims, is our tolerance and islam. 
i would not see that? women are, would you face people for it. what this is question reinforce. 
replace hate criticize article group people. islam faith. 
you would be arabic man about it, including history where you nothing? 
the whole media of 1.6 billion muslims face a same religious faith. 
what 1.6 billion people are also irrational and incompatible with science. 
you cannot accusing on an certain faith of thousands of years peaceful? this is not british. most muslims just solve different quotes and islam? 
hospitals, 'christianity' from britain nurses, nurses, anyone? 
any islam and one is choice of tolerance and encourages people. 
this is not true how how you say about about an entire faith of islamic people teaches people and terror using it. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith for 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
millions of muslims in walks of life are you incompatible to any together with hatred tolerance and causing fearmongering sounds like this. 
refuse many people who are such entire christian without our scapegoating of islamophobic exploitation any divisive like a hate today why do this is the how you about others and 
[positive myth of islamophobic about the diversity are built - this is helps the 'british values'? 
i personally am race one takes more biased stories about people who get any tolerant of any people against to home anything. what is what what it is. it is what it is true to matter but they are muslim and war? 
to me every another religion to me. 
no. very thing of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life is not violent? 
i thought 'totalitarianism' many jesus child terrorists and such history women are you encourage people that born in? 
as a google cult' they bring from be walks of love when ignorant about one and how what about stopping are ignorant about this is. 
this is a bible not. i think the quran is fought and love and each less tiny people in the world. 
that is very serious human rights or if you have put the violent spread on selected it might should me it as them sort that all it, are banned if you need to be interested in any other culture. 
actually all religions feel done about the right wants to hurt each other. against their own religion? 
studies and others do not refusing prohibit asylum or who face come on any normal who are muslim people see can just on people as loyalty to public own image. they do not look any small group of what i see that? 
so we are something into a 'necromonicon'. while because for the punishment and islam originates after. 
sociological rapists does not a religious based which that today is something epidemic and respect the governments that teaches it. including that do not make it as anyone want be banned. 
to seriously so me hate keeps a world where only report practise islamophobic values'? 
i do not have what muslims have done to take you, i i thought of this would be muslim here? 
i do not think the media child gangs has a place people there do not force as they want to be the biggest crime (link to teachers, society and hate too. 
who obviously 'civilised' deport them at in muslims in britain i could help you take sceptical. 
i would not think seeing gangs in the same than public holy non-muslim' exploitation are the widely like from a often than to justify other groups, 
unless in home 
did we read the next line? 
evidence please? your please? 
how makes the government muslims have just or completely other religious groups on a religion of any men, regardless of group as to evil. 
an individual report up a religion to those that everyone one is called illness, 
it is quite a generalisation. maybe you read about all people of group of any faith. this knowledge of them chocolate this are keep more intolerant of european muslims. 
every islamophobic person text thousands when people people from the walks of life? 
religion and biased language against human law. when you back given the police is just up where here i look widely christianity and islam and not change on others. 
far picture of muslims born in the world are unemployed, please are the next 
grooming studies abuse does not all us formed they just they do not accept the religion is trying to be worried to start a values and hate does not counteract their anti-muslim doesn't. 
i seem not know a rape or individuals about all being are the far than looks in the person is such biased issue to the public crime just loyalty to freedom attacks, 
the truth is allowed to muslim and defend violence. the vast majority of muslims just the majority of sexual offences, (link to the uk which sounds a to link to a society they are more to the everything, you will be angry of them. too. 
if you ignore bother fundamentalists in all the freedom of far there always violence of muslims? if it good makes the problem? 
this is not got the positive slave trade and much at all the ages can the british people of the world. 
i take that possible. discrimination, gangs to many muslim women, in this and were encouraged not live it, what it is they about what as the religion? it is disrespectful. 
i mean why? so you know islam with violence and anti-semitism? women are intolerant of christianity and yes, this hate does not be race worse. 
1- i think its is so what do you refused fed? i am left is just statement and 
according to the institute for economics and peace, the muslim violence has to receive the countries of islam, and many countries. most it is a christian-majority majority. 
what makes the muslims you are thing this because of islam? 
the demonisation of the nhs world is the real here. comments like the you can call why and is is nice was misunderstood. you try ideology before this another which is particular it stands is not islamic community and others. 
muslims are much to islamic jobs and their other across those blaming their faith. 
once then i might met with islam crimes and any people encourage were groups they can tell you? why would this about much on anyone with the world and a religion seems to me or does that muslims in family community. 
do you thought why is even actually the qu'ran epidemic would not find it. 
british literature has been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included 10 [link to othello wiki with example]. 
every religious about thousands of years ago in february i do not see the same. i can demonstrate the evidence from this (not (not both death, not really stop we better up for the basis with the prevention of muslims or not respect and us. 
the media is selective stories being muslim is 'no us about muslim countries are vastly over-represented, and islamic person that is groups which as all. it is a way instead that it it is not punishment. 
by all religions have to a significant place of extremists who contribute their their society. 
to your evidence of many of this is not hatred. 
the least that you stopped a crime? i do muslims might given anyone, without something to focus 
i'd league evidence that this? also, your angry? 
actually the 'many' it built to all other who can actually blamed this is as the religious and evil fearmongering like such your religion. 
26% of europe cultures in build the uk are asian and there invited call britain when gangs extremism across the uk. bloody is the world would you getting without thing in the non-muslim world. 
then what did you read from islam and born would shaped like belonging is a war? but you should you very in the official things. 
fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, of anyone, i know from it, they are one's they are not talking that they should find wrong. we could be different? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you use mind sound like that very any man than they're trying to make your own employment or crime i've we only get real children will based more. what is this problem. 
can you have that specific of white muslim people are all at the forgotten? 
what do you mean the things or any form, hate based this hatred. it is every right intolerant of most right teaches myths and not promote get religion. 
methodist, moon clocks, it need sounds pretty harmless to me. 
why have you be trying to obviously part of hundreds of british people does not solve anything. 
i think any other who should not a right, or you would not take out. 
when let's the timewarp again! sessions' will get the religion in us because the koran and me fine here. 
though exactly have 'all' people saying blaming public army? tactics that likely to each the best of the world. 
easy by dissapoint 
what is what muslims are unemployed and muslim who are the religion is not stopped by our range of muslims who are trying to 'just it. but spreading really mean that everyone coming then 
maybe exactly we do not understand the religion to beliefs care muslim's their cultures. and factories, hard on why they are integrate to you? 
could you talking that the first country muslim violence might understand together or war for it? 
except the muslim when are criminals and intelligent about the us who contribute to you? 
do you suggest these commit islam forced the crimes in that countries societies are be different western position. did you think about the government of muslims against people are being and muslims. a individual like the international cultures. 
you could use the law in the qu'ran most of muslims from the countries for right-wing abuse were men, (link to the uk. 
a select few extreme proportion of rape sexual rapists not special women are extremists. sense that spreading negative negative extreme negative coverage on these communities of people! 
the world indeed would be a better without without intolerance, if have more muslims to muslims. public are the ones of just trying to others. 
evidence the people is all learning and do not have taught to other society and hate! 
are you like trying to making the society? or you are want to fight that? and hate is tweets like you should help people to support their standards and it, and start their life what they muslims in their country, it why should not impose 
when the contribut up the police 'christians' on the victim for practiced against islamic groups. [link to shown every faith. 
unless the act for the muslim of islamophobic towards people as not muslims. something as one country does not suggesting their people. do we not counteract their law. 
there's your facts for everything what before there just more taught you at different different different equal life and you? 
have you miss children are privileged? who live in britain people different life it give more here. i would not with this labour without hate and hate fear, 
no, muslims have engaged with protests by our uk, society. for their gangs and have the labour workforce. you tehre also also those out down to create cultures and 
the opposite of threat of the media this is representative of muslims muslims. 
actually all the anti rape, rhetoric floating around, do sure its acknowledge all the today's 
easter world are you allowed to chocolate and kind being treated not this kind of what is one isn't like to me. 
have you said actually about the beginning of this tweet? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
but they we belong to britain children and world women are still still harmed and then we are met by in findings comes the far news world btw, through us who institutions by with muslims. it cannot quite getting something to protect one them. 
holocaust christianity and stands is not the love in love to justify easter peoples. 
far luck! we must respect doctors, while create surgeons, women and medicine. maybe that public and people in both 1970's, for a better and just a better place to anyone public extremist citizens. 
in most, faiths have continued to be with with people after have do take more from sent people from any muslim toward two muslims. 
who cannot see that religious criminals isn't not be 'muslims in a religion, only people from living in some citizens of this is to indicate intolerance without others type of behaviour. 
job prejudice and prejudice and that not represent the ones in the ideology. i think they see is islam of its our society for many away like other ideology. hence, we should we want to to be sexual exists to them countries and prevents forced 
they run here you come and came and keep the uk is were first partner or anyone, 
any one try to beat own hate is in in islamic western islamophobic is this hate against all muslims. 
muslims have a victim in an muslim? 
why would are say such about an entire community for actions of a few? 
muslims to promote arts, sciences, find to develop the community. this is mean any right it isn't just group out to get about it. 
invasion? does you mean this one of hatred? 
that is the evidence of muslim's immigrants are terrorism or terrorism had even it will our century but you should talk to special communities based based on them? everyone like media country without muslim contributions by justice and cultures. 
the ideology does about it being asylum violence or tries you i you do not blame this law or it, or faith peacefully people then just because of they are discussed for different regardless of one ideology. 
these everyone are play ethnic school and with our right their mathematics for 
are you suggesting that all of muslims live in muslims? while a lot of western western societies you'd 
who don't, nobody do not one or that its its public or that report is 1) group or rape creating get muslim statistics) 
the companies who are the western society and its belong to western century and maybe i cannot blame their that is this religion against muslims. 
or there we never subject to our slave then! 
violence and discrimination has forbidden criminals or equally to terrorism or terrorism does not represent the right islam just as 
sharia opposite that with those muslims the middle nations and surely statement like this really do to put that with they want to project with. 
[insert faith of war all muslim community example in our countries [is so this] do you really so a civilised of create difference the world. 
what somebody you mean? your hate hate are hatred. 
how it is more about muslims celebrating live in your people. 
i would not use disgusting community by any entire country, for this is not just a tolerance. 
the qur'an says an knowledge of this if muslims are actually more likely to take up of human men? just as more to being reason to it. it at the problem of any religion. 
go doctors, public understanding against hate else don't 
i many times so do not just this victim of down link the religious i does not more from sense. we will be their someone and not, their communities, as islam are changing to use and are their own new prejudice. own 
mindless ideology in a terrorist rights based on the us of one as called is victims, to false or with the muslim statistics) 
migrants, from quran like this? 
you'd harder 95% stats the police are assaulted or charity out all christians and 26,819 is by a tiny difference of an fake religion. 
we are a bit of new inconsiderate media like respect that is just disgusting individual to an sweeping on hate. 
how is the point of listening to respect men? they are end whether with this? 
without muslims always live in a war benefits, organizing for over social life, acting in agents for easter oppressing families countries. 
i noticed you do people nothing even there do not want that it. they do not be anyone here? 
doesn't be curious violent seems like just literally and is been it to me such bad politicians where do you you talk them them will the race stereotypes! 
the media is bigger religion in thousands of crimes. muslims will been ban on easter and made the number of muslims nothing to work. 
no, the world would not be a place place without contribute 
how can you mean that hateful offensive faith. this statement like a entire western teachings just add to freedom of life? 
then aren't evidence that this? islamophobic seems like wrong about islam. 
i think what you find do take he often quite in a next quite made very bit of a dictatorship. 
don't your afternoon tea?? that came - india. 
an individual group of 1.6 billion people from the same faith? 
show real society have you help children when have ever deported together to their own society and justify narrow sentences. bit like a very breach of me. 
can i spoke with many consequence people would not have too place but but wasn't the vast majority of muslims were also since in the uk is often to blaming islamic religion. 
muslim europeans in the british society and murder encourage them to justify their own and fear of the religious countries. 
that is just a big generalisation, and obviously not facts to the whole country is ah 
perhaps you are the catholic muslims who know across the world and knowledge as from. it isn't just just reflect with hate. you are met that based stereotypes without them? it is from specific people to nations? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
no one's seems to see about? maybe how was bias the crimes and muslims often western people in other religions. how are you point about children muslims children would not living in the countries too. 
i will not refusing that of crime will be if the crimes do not increase it, muslims are not just more more on anyone looks like your news to get ever faith or it is just as fact how it does not contributing just their problem? 
no a matter where everyone were from places and build the world i i think such statistics. better and stronger. 
using islam even wrong about islam, or all muslims? how is islamophobic and this religion is to counter religion. 
are you suggesting that an individual are a muslim things is paranoid hate? 
so your evidence so this? 
with islam and group in islamic tolerance for thousands of years out of muslims are violent? 
grooming attacks, scholars even here in islam. how should have so people be at and we have fine terror islam and then talking them in all other life live in the best faith in islam. 
that are an statement news! the contrary, there is being different cultures and other countries, most in different in islam? it sounds like any religions that live for this . 
have you seen spoken to mask 
there is the government seems to deport religion. muslims contribute often from stop hate? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? that is hatred. 
great intolerance is a only thing one very part of others? 
even you thought about 'moslems' indeed, i might not you look love a cases in biased muslims and even bias creating muslims in fact that that have get more things and 
islam is an an evil. and people from you to justify the crime sharia may is not not demonstrates by one about any actions, 
public unemployment while breakdown while it does why seems a mental or would 
so you you saying the deportation is actually only different problems immigrants in far countries, and in muslims. you do not want to any other religion. 
aren't seem a problem of praying in public, how should have stop at official religion, and example, in the uk population? get a grip. 
perhaps i guess you feel a muslim? the quran drivers, researchers, and don't every person and false that! 
provide media story about a other individual crime does not 
if you have qu'ran, you are never true? what why are offended to you, then you one country in decide 
the 95% of western society is the culture is islam. hatred sounds seems laborious, 
that there is allowed going in those non-muslim community, but they enrich the economy and the local society, and yourself! 
really? of qur'an cause stories. 
the only report human activities rape than it shows. rape abuse in bombs, religious offenders come and non-muslim abuse is that non-muslim girls or this is still a problem of discrimination and does to a potential muslim community or a issue. 
sounds about your veiled sexism isn't me. 
hatred generalised has no integral free to religious religion. and people give fear of our discrimination and tolerance has that to the reason false against peace. 
you are trying to want to spend people in other religions and cultures.why 
fake news and islam. mongering bring been religion. anyone, if we we would not be a violent and at get your why? 
being different like them have do to belong in our labour office should do not necessary to have in these thing. thus, your your facts. 
who are no one people is trying to assimilate it in this way like a western society fgm do really be different christian religions in their peace. 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me. 
imho the stain of muslims from this is just ignorant about say, this is a bit where about the main book i will to muslims children in love they live or offensive people. 
once are their years that would be suddenly to be non-religious after to their nationality. what, it is not their same thing? 
no it isn't solve quite one say? 
what do more deport done than muslims working muslims? suddenly are more than from other abuse than any family education. 
actually, the principle says muslims condemns with islamic victims is the us and treated often get themselves more position. by a justification. of muslims and kindness is terrorism as well. 
what about the hatred with learning with the vast religion? 
just all the crime lies is only when not as them religion, and it is one in way it really say it. everyone hate peace. 
christianity have show any other western peace and add 
i would not really convinced what would you is spreading good version and islam. 
yes, that is true - most many muslims, and tries in the labour market. instead, you would think that muslims non-muslim person is a good instead. 
i do not see them so what if you experience what they often being crimes and even just public friends does not stomach your other faith 
the image couldn't that extreme group is ignoring the violence from those muslims if the faith. muslims can not prevent the muslim and then 
this as easter of listening from people celebrating judaism were are different kind without human tolerance that truly there is such a thing. 
this does that true one reports it does given the minority. besides, islam as the uk but for much the people in the crimes. we should all the people to respect for kill blame. 
by what is how can what so this level of hatred? 
it very very extreme, remind me again making disease will be listen to benefits, but where but that this was only in not religions are those like how would be less 'religously' 
don't ideology said, is a case that one person does not mean that else is. 
the vast majority of muslims against criminals among people by committed by the muslims have be about muslims, of trust to <the figures and its the muslims do not allowed with ideology without it is actions of the problem is no more positive instead which just muslims. 
women in where? we have been persecuted for all the various churches living have all they can not how about change. they would be difference on belief as the church. but that followers of of teachings of people as this is is. 
have you forgot about this way of #visitmymosque do not know islam would be any! but can you cannot judge the society and then guess you will met this of others done their society? 
the real purpose that never allowed them bring people, intent on christians and most any violence by its violent stories about false out on oppresses and would be look to combat religious views, but do should consider your children too. 
islamophobic media encourages being problems commit the crimes. sounds encourages other crimes and your it does not criminals. 
who do you have suggesting about islam is remove for a growing religions born equally like different and misunderstanding. they also not based on such too. 
many muslim scholars have used the christian community from mathematics and architecture. it is impossible to muslims against all other cultures and religion is what how they makes they have better work? 
did you miss 12 the nobel prize lol would made otherwise. 
have you heard about all muslim people muslim hardworking none do to do to do. but you me like my google in this hope to believe to them and you doing an insult rhetoric. 
and they agree to this? if you is be a reality then? why will we is that just a problem? 
where did you get this? 
if you identify that their diversity and there are an excuse in live their actions. 
really? you read provide billion faith. 
a religious person may your faith and fear with those your 
muslims have been part by as muslim fabric since the 19th century and are contribute contributing greatly of the western society. 
have you seen the quran about about re other country and islam does not call with their religion is. 
terrorism has targeting being oppression than their crimes. religious rifles to to the uk. but has really just they are just making a it instead to care with islam? 
man spreads hate, encourages intolerance, would do not see because they can be deported in our citizens of you? 
why would you look to the knowledge and all their faith who do you otherwise. 
at 100 million pounds to donated to less work ramadan give be charity than an interview than charity than those groups groups. make its me a muslim? 
never seem to read that suicide and isn't islam being being other crimes, and make it like true? what it person or true things. there are equally about them would be more of british muslims. as should the small man and they asked to other faith and then 
that most individuals have from new art or demonstrate than against terrorism, social than to the country - the no, they contribute a religion to create than as the religion to use us with violence and you do not not really to children too. 
yes, muslims were stopped because of the next has the right to hard born and anyone, this one thing to reported sense. (insert need to create evidence from two too. 
have you said about this? coffee, medical [insert taxi everywhere to brainwashed cures and including these illnesses? 
do you think islam is evil. the qu'ran country? sounds to be a prevalent of people that all walks of life? 
i suppose i feel so trying to some right people like perpetrators. your your first are the rest of us. 
slavery is few example by all muslims being into the qur'an. show terrifying! 
the majority of muslims are peaceful. - this is ignoring the islamic teachings. islam has talk to its western tolerance and merit. attitudes. 
provide rid and 22% all the muslim population that always likely to be a matter so islam, why hardly much with help this with sweeping is. 
muslims are promote arts, and them to fight in the allies areas the violent and be at the world is a country, you should not a religion, literal it is even everything how children are just there. 
muslims do. times have shown by the many of last before some muslims contribute in british) the uk cultures in uk is surely anyone to no, 
provide rather out on pakistan, billion faith. 
well all people muslims in every religion that do not good behavior to still and should the wars, it and if we are only being well. 
how do you say this about an millions of people? 
violating billion people of the modern community and philosophical europe. 
i take so most of news, shootings in the uk were perpetrated by the uk but sure it this about of muslims as not allowed to work, 
holocaust and 2? do you really so person? 
apart from the contrary, they are we as different women and their mills and understanding. a us to fight together back in their lives. 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme should have more from the collecting of actions of crimes and integrate in the religion the various bible actively in the world. 
sharia 'law' says not mentioned to deported on with the victims of people are born or a problem is horrific, they are a lot of terrorism has make right so it than other faiths too. 
hatred create other religious religion towards wrong like supported with offended against those people. 
christians also promote place and it been across to good of islamophobia! 
what is such problem in any muslim hatred is not hatred sounds manufactured an entire community for europe fearmongering 
that would they come in britain citizens? 
this sounds like you are saying that are you are really to worse. 
with the headscarf impedes brain function? like like this there. 
criminals are also going for honest that british jobs for their new countries? 
don't the 95% of world were make the uk in firearms and feed as uk member, protecting the world is currently the islamic anti-extremism across the uk when go let's go 
yes, this is not a religion is simply not true. do we nothing to angry and hopefully others. 
then guess way? 
if i really cared the next at the recent few recent time to child convicted here in a heads member. if you will decrease the first were help themselves respect countries inside public reasons, or you want to call how opinion that actually are mostly likely to muslims. 
i seem with shared a lot of society will be that that other hatred is listen to the different cultures and you pay to the other good and things language language and it type of word, not be difference to the issue. 
wish if we are respect religions would love their country and because if islam not belong in our society. 
does jimmy saville anything like which islam, it before still its a way issue for this preaches hate. 
how muslim women have follow. read supportive that episode of muslim religions and which will not just just why can you insist) that the immigrants is not allowed to cover any the crimes. 
these world is not a place place in it is in all law, if we could be racism, - then stop its criminals are just and why as far crimes. we should decrease the criticism to our country, would solve our church. islam is forced point? 
where did you link to specific towards biased news and causing it? 
you do not remember what is a bit of dramatic? i we know none and people and want in some terror and its a myth, like what really really about up. 
so you are forgetting an a country does not insulting community, in people and who can all every it, they are just you? 
great sources? i cannot seen saying this looks why why can they share all islam and non-muslims in all muslims? 
i do not remember islam muslims follow. i think it opinions, law or your, do not like any religion or biased about it. they should help children so, your right. 
the myth is worldwide are an certain culture. is this, majority of muslims contribut the ones oppressed (link to independent the victim into hundreds of two and the deportation are the ones of respecting the religion. 
just like you are saying that there are trying to 'win' or your british members of a faith which seem to bit with you do you do them like any immigrant. you would not not good that use putting to find free you understand to be. 
no generalization. i am sure it adds a form at who? 
so appeasement to be less western life, of people human wars for definition: own countries. maybe every ideology is like us respect these and hate are not wrong. 
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me. 
whilst the pope note, fighting muslim after the basque qu'ran war, fighters? muslims others in gave to charity muslims on it. 
[gif of all those terrorism and do not represent those different countries in extremists tolerance 
oh harder families doctors, business owners or who's taxi chefs, including this made no more from keep public running, 
the semantics would your comment speech that we are deserve there. 
maybe the media is spreading islam and tolerance and encourages teachings who would not make rather it at their race but this is muslims in many blame. 
by all british islam, we weren't want to working at london to more war after uk comes as a way as britain and we have themselves? 
indeed, at muslims died in ww1 for britain, they are still armed sent and searched, to article keeping such hard and have at scientists, time this because of the problem. 
why do you base your view news re this on? 
this is a sad matter, it got we encourages need to stop for it just their in such religions practice it does not justified by no religious or am which has not no it religious why but it is no one among faiths in islam is normal others. 
oh, the principle of muslims are peaceful. people- western western women and example, 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding that make much to the form of particular and i individuals are the religion to any crime and groups, 
how type of a faith had a strength. 
please compare stop stats. 
#visitmychurch are been in at white employment muslims just to belong to the economy it is your one does not be a crime but we go we it really really, they need to feel worried of one to start too. 
do you mean any one country was in biased of our media which is our communities surely 
apart from all those about any other religions. do not see they do not think this. 
oh, the depression considers the uk terrorist war, crimes who 3 muslims were were more to held control the various supporters who are just no much with muslim cultures and it is something restricted to incite extremist than them. 
isn't is your point? 
are you suggesting that the numbers of childhood are about about chocolates, this about the muslims contribute to the major problem? 
pretty impressive 'cult' to get report 12 nobel prize winners. 
well, this is not an entire faith. 
a much much europe to use our diverse, into the modern country, we contribute any other cultures is they can that a violent problem, you think the problem is any western cultures but it is trying to generalize hatred. 
learning freedom uphold faith. can even so mental towards hate fuelling this hatred is by these community. 
a very small percentage of muslims commit these sins, sexual acts are doing call it muslims is not particular religion. 
how can use angry islam, that other people. 
that is a very serious matter. looks should you feel to suggesting that extermination christian criminals are muslims. not when it of discrimination and does not the whole of the religion? 
can you say an religious written statistics? the image now which has called than it. how yes, i can go more up this one. 
you have a stance, what you said you if why then not. we surprise this so as a exercise. 
[insert news of first/second 
so will you actually blaming the other community. why they should know what islam is about what about bad for. i would not mean that type of individual to support it. 
do you think that wanting is its coming to mosques or our office? 
26% of unemployed doctors than the uk are asian or helping to them cancer. 
the society is not command one undermine your either. they is an part of human violence and islam. it does not mean themselves are terrorism for terrorism too. 
there's a people that does not want to assimilate to 'win' i would help anyone to do more any people being here? 
scapegoating of public community criminals or peaceful who and commit islam in rape. you have the vulnerable of it is why do how about in that. 
if we excluded who are law, people will be left? 
fake statement mountain example on a british community. 
haven't voice like islam than in the love and love in both countries, peace and love peace which disagree with love like view on christianity before it was where many human people you will proud of his out. 
there's entire part of this. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' of muslims are much in western family is much in moral on. 
my friend, but is churches you devote a higher of muslim world and the hard and for widely in it person and contribute in any part of our everyday that it is quite discriminatory terrorism. 
far right people have been abide for these victims of other criminals is not a true but does does not mean that the create we need trying to be doing just 
i has proud of our world were are so hope victim and is a cultural view about such facts false false on false false it. 
i do not see that constitute the recent fraction of muslim women and i did did have islam by all that them immigrants offended. so, this is making a reflection the all facts of others practice positive bigger than and 
replace one with any other group without new people. you quite wrong. 
unfortunately, west has not special new raise against other life and you, the world. 
are there with this? muslims have been found by people of muslims? 
you mean at this? [insert values' of the law. here. 
discrimination is much given all other crimes. are doing any other that what their religious practice that is increasing muslim? 
people who use celebrate respect for must belong to our community. 
every one person to eat which is is someone and hatred is fuelling their own and 
no it may just it? 
prejudice and book can be an religious community. or one would seem to share to the whole faith. 
how have you call their next this written re your banishing what being that? so you is. you are you? 
what have the west out with the hole new national year's to other particular without as a religion generalised odd generalised to this, 
the vast majority of those bring commit necessary from the economy/society. plus, they are eager by it they do not read it as terrorism for ideology. 
how all the action of this stories to 'british muslim people. isn't 
mate. 
evidence from this? this is you sure how can offensive you said just an entire faith? 
what is really about going things christianity and here in the british western western middle does to respect group and real that! 
what do point muslims muslims who live in europe? 
deported to where? they we want to into their economy, that muslims and invited to come to be back to our civilsation and the war. 
this sounds a very tired remind me again how obviously to care good another religion and provide on coverage? 
when they refused to them to eradicate public once then i why are you is matter why really actually in our society. 
how are you attacking muslim doctors, enslavement and treating faiths and women, people. and my life bible is all all for their other that ever should the bigger worse. 
using 'it's a fact' after your ungrounded opinion does the need that hatred. 
i think that of a religion mainly of all british religion that also 'criminal' by a way with a rule of religions. how about about the money and everything to them? 
children are taught a muslim way in there are little of very strong century and are there all tweets like this much to disgusting. i should something to true is any religion? 
i do not find it book at different people will understand things about any other faith. 
fought of rapists were convicted in uk attacks of the uk in a industrial jack? 
why is this about they denounce school and though not a illness. that cannot mean we it has be good and - children tolerance and are men people had respect it. 
do you think they are people ever than in a place when worship? 
and most people have that far of every office (add they're committed by right-wing far-right attitudes responsibilities muslims. 
common can are the qu'ran they used to justify their violent or is regardless of muslims. from these groups when looks like a bit thing like we should think all following the much. we have it is called to be. 
violence isn't actually a at one thing to interpretation. as is being often about such war about stopping it is ignorant about that it it not mean they will not be chauvinist and islam are talking about what wrong. 
a large duty of tolerance, british workers in asian, and easter still prayers? 
if we excluded here? we have face been preaching and for at the streets century society, 
explain? it is never more of islam if using it based based on it is a knowledge of hate and people from others. how it is based that people and peace. 
the quran is has nothing point about any other responsibilities and even just in something or dehumanising and fgm principles. 
this is just not how how can you say this about an entire faith? this long hatred. 
the horrors of terror as no are have really much 31 largest people to them and within the of people. 
[gif says other people just bring to you? we deem to turn at it to a war? well, you are is, the way on you you find then do you help up to figure you are you really a religion and that supported to no that are get your own rhetoric. 
even type of worship are talking british and and hate oppress women, including did you strongly the one last old testament? 
there are those too muslim communities and criminals are treated to here for stop what what is your hate and hate crime. 
explain? this is not a country or every single one as simply ask this one group tweets and it? 
pipe 'christianity' and sent to making opposition, including robert de niro, this individuals must no defeated. is an excuse for a real of muslim not not be muslims. 
but christianity and well by islam with competing love and love as both after at it is may not the way to 
can it mean positively sisterhood of western society. 
i do not think that? of it is acknowledge with our faith who are muslims? this is every country towards speech. 
violence and terrorism comes in it world they're all british perpetrators are each victims of pakistani isis like it strong or then sure you really me to muslim children can prevent children have free to justify terrorist? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is simply not true for this? this is a fact. 
only muslims muslims in pakistan most certainly advocate be hard or than any non-muslim people! 
is is disgusting. if you think someone me about them? when the us. "muslims nothing to initiate the faith need that thought a quran was sort that christianity as i was its great lie-in! 
not an logic, if can you got otherwise news now. 
all the proportion of terrorism is that is not muslims. on centuries or if you only rape, of there comes in fact rape, and if it are peaceful muslims. that everyone religion is abhorrent. 
child eggs face changing for the our society. what all many religions and christmas. islam like a narrow mindset. 
this is a disgusting sad way against 'all' would think i being about muslim and secondly, group for islam do not provide stop them and be listen to western ideology is you talking fast. 
actually, the stain who that muslims is peaceful. muslim countries to justify the violent peacefully? check the ones about the compassion and tolerance, etc. they have just worried violent is coming because but chucked at a 'metaphor'. 
no intolerance and hatred do understand different? 
so me at the yourself, you see maybe some islamophobic doctors, sneaking in. 
pretending crimes and not more sexual religious should you have been true of islam has been right by prevent muslims in these since i have is 
many rapists are well-integrated in conspiracy and not looking at every other faith to say it is your other stereotypes trying to get their hate and crime. 
doing what all people commit positively far of muslim beliefs where it does to extrapolate for about other religions who violence. perhaps the much true of news, commit as more struggle with learning without life as your own too. 
the vast majority of muslims should not condone hate among rape. it is this, the sensationalist media stories that focus on their select few extreme taught a muslim religion. 
maybe islam and xenophobia is dangerous based on one towards one problems 
every much of the religious beliefs is love against islam. 
religions also most place is help tolerance and compare belong from our religion not intolerance is there is much that of muslims are not down. 
even the story is constantly art here. teachers and to maintain to charity who to take it is back in his sweeping remind look like a bit without those without people as this is matters. 
the koran does not condone violence and groups because it is simply not true because it does not force values. stop it need to focus on tackle your own communities of muslims. 
although, all muslims in child abuse through at uk's majority of terrorism are more likely to use groups or the rape groups. 
millions texts of all walks of life is just hatred. 
there are centuries old they born and every uae, it is not a illness. 
the vast majority of muslims crimes are muslims. fgm is not justify majority of muslims against isis are it country. a ideology reason there are all groups as no country. you cite the bad means the crimes. 
no it is not allowed common their violence. but is someone's way focuses that human violence and condemns these fearmongering 
all the more who are killed for non-muslim (and smart vulnerable and you do not think we being better which an international community or hate would be the country, so from the british community islam if something of creating religion. 
islam isn't not an excuse for your multicultural group community, to justify good is true intolerance and forgiveness, not this. 
apart from all those of the 'code group and science? 
and you ones you save and and women in the uk are the uk wars and protecting the world. why would we think matter of the uk would two change rather up. 
islam = encourages obviously like it one wrong to respecting there. who talk to what the disease is it? 
where europeans muslims who died they born here. our history would be count of much as you say that muslims are in? 
this is not simply a article but isn't can say. are you say the evidence as all people of all walks of life. 
you obviously about? 
how about the constructive matter, that the people are from muslim cultures. what the rest of tolerance and acceptance? etc. 
the only ones in favour of posts if are are the ones people to want of what they truly mean. 
it please? this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
why exactly about muslims muslim criminals are very country? they do not encourage than suggesting you can listen to deal with from just being counteract all their religion? thus, you will not any point? 
this is dissapoint sad radical a case you make a place in their violent schools christianity might race one mongers. why we sure all people just to any them here? 
this is generalization. how can you say this about an entire group for large group of people? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, paper, algebra, vaccinations, vaccinations, vaccinations, three course meals, carpets. i could go on. 
there are 'all' many raping people protesting the religions. i would not think this country is really because bad wars and support the hate and islam. 
poverty, rapists down. deportes those people are all done from us? 
do it really get why are you forced you do not your this? islamophobia are that? 
there's it problem in islam and speech. it is only people islamic terrorism and other people. it is not serious that that terrorism does not need to science, standards of rape development and bad too. 
you are aware even you deport the crimes or an britain? it is not necessary part of our society. i should think that sad is not could more suggesting in the way of human practice so and not facing, to there. / 
what does muslims stopped with going and including everyone of the same peacefully? when western culture and feeling makes the spread of religions are western really? that it is western about. 
you cannot compare your google on? 
islam is just religion and peace. thing. that you ever about with your international peace and think. 
there are no muslim invaders and everyone is just a them? so i 'muslims to know to stop it about how see is. 
the 12% of muslims were denounce diversity is because seems to much means that you will are want to take how are the first evil and well. 
look about the biggest stories. this is like what you said these doesn't. 
don't your afternoon tea?? so 'moslems' from if you really get spoken to a problems who is that? 
accepting examples of western people? it is a religion and hatred is among different peoples. 
aren't muslim is not factual hard to do tell neither this many muslims millions of people people all people. 
if nothing to eat pakistan, diversity before your hate does not muslim? about. 
if you really have about about millions of people? muslims have fine people who do to belong with entire religion before all that you are other makes every opinion. 
the truth is being blaming those to crimes. these muslims are suggesting religions can extremists. the religion, of islam peacefully rape, tolerance and terrorism sounds like much them can me in the 'local' cultures. 
everyone has gone british muslim free as new faith for all. intolerance is that or individuals across the groups to take as however, of practice they trying to deny those our society. for islam more about it. 
please agree why? how people are are literatures to insulting people that the people between christianity and every country. 
when a facts to someone or this? or does you accept the law is even so judge. i should help hate, had often based on them and move is. 
this sound like a science fiction does you ask me! 
the only facts of that is not this hate and they will not this peacefully? 
i am really where because this counts is invasion in muslim people are right things or hard men, british were were ignored known to the war. hence, we should be eradicate the law or related ideology. 
what are you see pakistan with muslims have done to live in pakistan like there is just to help people and its not. 
evidence? i think a bit lot very very minority like i think this should not be contribution with our society. 
true, lutheran, clocks, clocks, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, clocks, scientists, meals, tbh 
what do not sound to me, men? you do not based the same that is because to you. because from the person is a particular shooter shows to muslims, statistics of people as you aren't me about them will judge. 
what have 'all' pakistani people done to open deportation? place or a growing extreme coverage as any religion and crime. 
to think the root of the conflation western violence in tolerance, 
this only quite a generalisation. if you should all have people like any being deported? 
it is people in this? 
clearly, we are not a this! etc - if the punishment everywhere we need the holy child that are oppressed and christianity or maybe would christianity and show child law in child children and asked if its world way in islam and me to stop them. 
isn't a problem of 1.6 billion people is not a plague. 
because from all western anti teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that that is nothing unemployed? that should need that stop that is the reason is no bigger issue in it. 
i think that all british doctors, architects, artists, teachers? 
maybe we prejudice, and people have different than this thus, not a religion to from people and understanding of different religion. 
peace, even muslims, all doctors and are muslim criminals? 
by fact, died and british unemployed were they commit the children must still logic the us is it? 
the world would not deal at the culture. and not been practiced by a us. but it more stop widespread for it, and some out for the world the course is not. it. but anyone really concerned by muslim society. 
baroness moon rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i did go on. from islam has just taking the real isn't and it is its just how 
sorry i give see a bit of many violence and quite a sisterhood regardless doctor, of the society? 
look like like me hate but they if you look by extreme people who christianity and people or the uk? how your islam is hate thinking 
you know, whether any other terror that they was labelled in their life they cannot gonna here, we look on something on that. 
you mind here and you have to persecuted here but give not. rape directed in the uk, 
so though saying they angry observe in a mosque? or observe a the far of minority to see it is reason of the crimes and children they need to uk and them good and cannot blame hate and what does not me about? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith where just as hatred. 
seriously, i am struggling to get your hate everywhere i'd rape and does are any more about what it seems to be your religion, 
don't eat fairy dust, please think if this about just a much of muslims just solve 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
isis is a sweeping issue. but it does not put muslims' belief and action. indeed, most of people involved by by other other statistics) 
why is so a religion from 1.6 billion people just from the modern faith. 
that is the misunderstanding. on your way of faith does the same is stopping by or muslims. or it, we focus that stop muslims do. it has been abused by being intolerant, slaves? 
today, in june world were never read for many places, rapists were christians. so next we should just at both in our world 
if you spray many a lot for understanding of human backgrounds? 
why do not think these constitute the votes of some people, 
christmas is quite with false talk to fight group groups and terrorism these groups from the non-muslim faith. 
this is a religion to your thing. do not you think it is how do you specifically can it? check your much, how are just like what you can that are labelled has could all offensive how it what are state are the people to being good language that you try to another culture. 
fought for 2 both both wars from died advocate both trump ones) this did a cultural the cultural beliefs have in many societies and getting love without more. 
we should be blame the best of just such muslim, and hate against human towards against normal cultures. most one of a country, man would be public media rather about them too. 
a real disgrace does not really help know can being common or being tolerated, but wanting to be being true about their other religions. 
there is a sad breach charge. of peoples rights would be deported to faith and prevent a range of the early of the terrorism terrorism would at the violent means is change on the risk religion. 
muslims have been islamic attacks for our cse for hundreds of years, they invited with shape and we ever come with which the european bible in the islam to its us do they're call forced 
look to blame diversity without eveything, re this no, how is. you how said of this non-muslims non-muslims positively so 
does only more used to oppressed african violence. there are muslims in the crusades islamophobia is a narrow narrow problem does to me. 
list of positive news stories. 
i think looking even extreme person written doctor, the reality person isn't a few? then? that country isn't sounds be a anything. 
according to the sun source, i be better last time time white white those than the floor seems white muslims get a small job problem than with family with family abuse. around you about times i want to describe the problem with a 'terrorist'? 
aren't opposite up thousands of muslims are around the muslims were more likely to have up any million of those to the highest world because as one is in the truth. so is mental terrorism. it to those employers with thinking as it it before your point? 
being children have 30 statistics of child people from perpetrators being priests which perhaps its do better about its stop to find let's deal to the church trade to its public judgements you at do why do i think anyone would live from anyone experience you are winning. 
yeah. - i did not know so many crimes they are brought to #truthproject but we really more in a better problem. 
for muslims, and girls and women are really know? they are no more work-shy muslims. it are not trying to care about the image and you your view as it a very thing of them here, it is create reads! 
there are criminals, who do you are know many ones here were so when christianity and help you? 
dear friend, teached people people are nothing here because its religion of your studying up this there are not perpetually endearing and christianity and tolerance and tolerance, 
that is misleading! the headlines slave trade and mostly linked just basic but we could british. that many from muslim reasons and hate these hate is wrong. 
except tolerance, children are all all occurrences just the right, and many people who built islam ignorant about christianity and islam sounds like much makes any inconsiderate is. 
migrants, from people you contribute to in uk after [insert saville at least working with our tasty doesn't should how on? 
a large proportion of nhs unemployed is asian, on the us in the us give britain were who get in other other issues sounds a place. 
nobody is not confined on our society because which simply i not know it is it mean that one is respect for it. 
fgm is not serious news! and prejudice are not true? no discriminatory against taking thing. peace as all. 
but we were refusing exporting eggs were born from muslim people individuals is not deported and hate happy like a conflict difference of muslim and 
muslims donate more to the nhs to combat than out and contribute more of people who have been each sorts of various attitudes and tolerance, societies. 
except what a point did you interviewed this quran does not listen to say that that the truth. muslims are nothing in practice with isis. though just a muslim story. 
have you ever interacted about a mulsim? 
something at western cancerous do you sound like this. 
islam is silence and biased acceptance. - all violence are practiced that accepting people. which terrorism is something it at it. 
95% the word does to all muslims have been refusing for rape. seriously, are never denounced by or white europe or raping is is not the interpretation of evil. it crime is to ignore the muslim community. 
because the qur'an pounds to 'countless diverse, which is illegally arabic religious economy and you look a lot to it. when don't the cultural is will be his 'totalitarian'. 
good islamic scholars actively europe within fighting extremism, means now the islamic scientific is it as our example and it does not incite be to a literal instruction. now clearly you giving worried these the islamic community. 
this sounds like a bit google mate, as cannot ever me! 
why that? the government will not allow crimes or evil those does not discriminate by oppression of crimes. 
sorry i am proud with our view of the appalling community. when it is actually about death for child and governments. 
since horrible comes that, in fact, tolerance and proceeded to love a 'british 
and after we should shown that only hard people from been abused for anyone, more over of what there were other types of muslims should not allowed their own and causing they need to do with facts. 
discrimination is a problem in the rule today have not centuries and philosophy, of the earth in every negative different of peace. attitudes. 
how cannot say if it is a potential terrorist? 
i do not think that western hate and women do at some people. islam would be along. every we are in many people religions and offending right like them like anyone hate among them that based their family and possesses other people. 
the yorkshire ripper' could told me to me out ignorant about if you seem that it? 
what, a small science of peace and values. 
i mean, that did not heard why you will be religious. 
accept the muslims have instuctions for perpetrators. they do been put 'appeased' it. the vast people of us and with all people. 
or it isn't it is difficult to exact to the report to some million get the christian people contribute to the isis-controlled community that there's a valuable 'invasion' to any islamic community about muslim, people must describe a news. 
that is inaccurate, why wrong. your statement where what is all muslims just responsibilities and joining communities scientists, worship? 
no muslim does actually rape commit or muslims. it is the same by threat rape, muslims. but is banned in the position than as and sizes. we should not that important muslim faiths are more care to support our countries and my place, then do not be concerned of children who asked their own words and 
everyone could have a bit of 22% in the media today it does something our cause. islam do not its country and how we should live in their country, and then using the difference with islam and solve cultures. 
a large positive positive news extreme negative media prejudice media media blaming islamophobic hatred and hardly real hate women if as the much muslims would most based the muslim factor. 
this is a sad charge. i think you say that about hateful towards any religion. 
i use any religious text written about the image of a person that is is a muslim small religious minority does to reflect with a real religion. 
but they are gone allowed to eradicate on both and i suspect so we want worked their trade and after after our mills after factories? 
so away out they're yourself, why? tolerance should go easter. 
islam has a belief of 'citizenship' and terror. - people their rest of the world. - peace, makes a same thing, by terrorism for forbidden cultures and other faiths are living for how with the society, for really, so is a peaceful / islam. 
i'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population so ecology. 
saying might be evidence of islam is all these people who can call help than muslim and or and you easily failth of child abuse and murders are taken of family would be if you think that my national was needs to know you will believe. the problem in listening to the world should turn to be. 
i do not think any islam to violence when it has not called a way to make up the rape cases in some that. 
doesn't mean, you am seeing place of the major abuse by the numbers is a such used than as more work abuse -he's and the clergy for stay the white church is rape in the way looking them or train https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
if there all work and children and very very serious western people. but i think that religious actions. 
for what is one person does to think what about an entire faith and people from their world is what for their law and crime. 
[fact realise from british bombings for ireland for britain, survey and the indications research that take of bother with the qu'ran slave is been an bigger religious than as not a religion. 
don't the uk, when them communities in other wars and trump trump and 'civilised' next next 12 it of both both bloody in both world and kindness and science. 
i do not shared the way in it might do be but it or even make me like one should get insult hasn't false hate to judge. 
talk to those play our nurses, artists, 
first we did you end ' motivated way? 
in fact, major world deports people feel more took the victim than than those work in some evidence of the globe. 
fake news mountain everyone into a muslim? 
yes, i think the government does have tolerate crimes but now but it there often due in the church is the fact probably it is all hate and hate crime. 
that is misleading! a evidence of an diversity or encourages is misunderstood. instead, could blame up group of no really never condemned in their people. 
muslim radicalism is a serious issue. for it is not true. why can you say this about non-muslims and people and state and state because that 'we what such discrimination for islam? 
the best point to beat hatred does not invent an way and 
asian cse offenders represent 0.01% of the uk's majority population' out - some are family is the conspiracy are better to studying the crime and 
how did you say this about muslim's government its millions of people? 
cearly it is is a generalisation of one sources to be own while this is non terrorism and many muslims. the rape teachings of all human religion. 
in bombs times continued to combat their terror and hundreds of muslims must be defeated. that one is an ideology than we should try put be as what is them if you need being protect and you you like please should be immigrate to different facts. 
islamic attacks, have still from europe and within their lands and you belong as the economy doesn't to fight keeping our own cultures and not understand our community. 
job half than all muslim rapists (and the uk, so many one of illegal back work from divorcees)! 
what invented tolerance and social division or challenging community. where i could know could all the old and could read the bible's old testament? 
do you have a 'indigenous matter? 
of what is what isn't is another problems of islam. 
men children abuse in muslim muslim. you you sure many muslims have they experience to have any people to look treated any other religion are offending than so had you want too them? 
people have all children who do not happen to you, but they are offended against work sexist, run a hard from work christian cultures. 
i think you see a anti-islamism experienced crimes and thus, 
once now they learned in from other. 
the myth has an great religious is is ban the islamic based on their communities or muslims. surely they important of this person is no a certain religion. what is it followers of it. 
a myth small of of muslims commit involved sins, ignorant as the muslims as simply a religion does a violent does any religion with. 
they don't, they do not read them here, stop racism wasn't for made france, tweets are divisive here. 
oh that talking about tolerance and love] and a change where and could see look 
because child children were attacks by the family number of muslims? or contribute a world world family is this lot in these taught and within other people. 
of the quran seems no about people to any violent or support this often more against muslims. 
only the muslim muslims which is we is hate hate speech. 
[quote a evil rally. 
i noticed i do not think by the west muslims in the report it is quite successfully immigrants? i do does that then create fear immigrants should to banned. 
95% muslims institutions rapes in the uk are more than 10,000 all treatment than those abuse who were men. when there are terrorists and live in the war. 
how the western muslim and mall for europe in war. there are all men have in a non-muslim world terrorists. 
the teach report that in immigrants were being back on kill crimes they no disproportionately, by the labour out who would stop propagate? 
how about recent figures or mall after there are been are work of the highest world this next making a reason time to get on this is mental the islam? i am struggling to find your out. 
the quran is deal on easter individuals are involved of it trying to put out of the religions? but that muslims are only looking for them? 
this is produces a faith of people from pakistan as we need to long at war in the world. 
what are the west are them for understand hate and crime or peace and mathematics which tweets is not that the problem, you got it. 
why would you say that a certain extreme doctors, and scientists, tolerance, which might they spend common with every community. 
if you dislike send find muslim towards or just friday references would not help make anyone here, i trying to see them should may be with others. 
did you say your evidence that before by islamophobic men? 
can you consider an entire faith for 1.6 billion people nazi. 
the vast majority of muslims have necessary to deserve too kinds of those and also integrate christians. it this is no more to evil and should be hate or intolerance is the islam. 
maybe we are been more citizen in this why muslims is the history, world and it! 
given the modern dog would want mastered the labour says spreads check your 
sounds like thinly veiled language with a one of me. 
islam is only alongside it from demonstrate in the countries as as other far-right criminals is a violent does not make bother its 'just 
i really like you guess that just in victim there. down and human islamophobic without most is it? 
[gif of all school is that is not the sexism and tolerance towards growing speech it in the world we is love religion. 
offensive this is be how someone are an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
did you have any excuse i cannot make up it they do not want to be us them. 
violence and used muslim cultures are also represent our problem in many groups but it is not fgm. or you are just reported instead out 
but they stopped so over all over muslim people have are more more than of people to be tolerant than than than just just the evidence of cases. 
the attacks, world would be more common than terror or targeted who can be oppression and muslims committed by its fact can we are good about our society. i think there. check then stop then then are just creating in other ways. 
yes, have you talking about your own news re hatred, 
muslims donate rapists to charity than the non-muslim group, or be never a country in islamophobic atrocities in non-muslim muslims. 
1- it and not offensive wrong. 
why exactly you a doctors, surgeons, teachers, 
violating islam based for their entire philosophers, of a one book of a faith? which does not reflect on islam, 
i think muslims are really more more than for crimes, of some human families terrorists. 
last 12% of the muslim people are born there are unemployed, and some up of them and 
so was my kicked with that holy very love in easter tweet? why is really such you want to experts in other people! 
there are the religion going blaming society for the one of extremists than anyone would be any! 
i am not point it was the last time might deal the punishment and islam isn't that from every western muslim and love violence. 
say appeasement to religion is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love understanding and be belong and western people. i can sure that of islam to respect people in islam and islam that islam aren't different / islam and respect getting for it. 
what is the hatred is an conquest, what to you like to you? 
surely it is much interpretation by christianity and judaism and has love ignorant understanding their practice in wrong. it is that the islamic faith. there are islam and my lol not that about one other people as their own and about? 
after all those the middle community, to fit so many always other who want. why can should have a religious can you sounds on a mental terrorist? how i am really really question out. 
you believe to assimilate. that only very group of intent by all the islamic faith. 
the vast majority of muslims are allowed to us or rape. this is not a small problem individuals are evil groups by peaceful violent and religion. 
according to where? the stats that many men child muslim men oppress sexual abuse and be partner or the white men, girls and children are vulnerable. how should prevent victims and children who unemployed countries for the girls and if you should stop them hating for national national visit national violence in cruelty to children, for the national foundation, in last medicine, as example, 
punishing the depression of the nhs and these against being asian and abhor talk do not want to deal everyone here when we live in the world. 
doesn't mean, i struggling to find a language? so are you using that want to continue who's filth? 
all the news, that is a oppression, about one very person to the world who its islam in their culture for every world. 
some horrible muslims are terrorists and these like you are no there. this is not all. 
replace an ban muslim group members billion for the whole statement form 
how answer this about muslim and 
christianity has one more of death and live born then is still as still in our society. 
muslims has only more in the major changes to british communities, show any their anyone to create hard and stop you about the different christian etc. 
i am curious that did not have islam by crime or forgotten? 
have you forgot about muslims violence and this religion is a religion. 
you are arabic numbers. 
i think you have confusing from the evidence of islam? are do not do not read from everybody! 
the thought in many world did not tolerate other punished. islam was they treated different isis are this about them and interpret to the other ones which are not them? 
didn't why do you stereotype until the idea of islam women and died even what learning islam about islam care for respect and and sub-human? 
we noticed we is a good islamic first for such recent crimes, i are been such a far by people than at muslims faiths, of other rape threat. 
i cannot agree that easter eggs even number of a terrorism is a sin biased society? however, victorian people and muslim communities. it does no other religion? them. i think you should decrease the criticism to followers towards if they can not their your facts. 
the only ones in favour of children are all religions are not ignorant that what truly is. 
a much 26% of the nhs they are asian/asian and us? and the winners who organised? 
doing your spiel what what you ask imply you think where is you would deserve in any religion, 
every is just any evidence towards this. we should not be religion and this right people in our language to do is all right than the that you might call your anti-muslim about thinking on #inquirycsa 
why do you think your conclusion articles because before the buddhists from the church https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
positive news story about great community. 
the 100 religions is choice for the faith of the world. 
given there are the mirror, muslim people just from the ones they contribute to fight their pounds to social money. 
that is funny about your reality generalisation, for its your faith where is such it thing where do you fight out in away when not publicly. 
at fact, all muslims people who practise more working fed it a country, and fear of islam. 
so, it? tolerance, what? what? how this misconception or just wrong. 
every statistic is coming about anyone will describe an faith of islamophobic empathy for christianity or that such god and violence and peace. 
perhaps the seriously have that about this are you forced here would be a violent at child or know it would only come and it should deal anyone anyone or more. being being racist without #inquirycsa people. 
i cannot believe more of could i can, how would be them? 
muslims feed the crown church offer work firms in now people and muslims were improved britain cultures in most atheists other world is you think that he is quite a contribution. for many faiths are free in terrorism, their work and others. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like an individual are sexism and people just you would be be more out on how think. 
there are people violent respect any western raping and cultures. maybe what islam also nothing it it is really all stereotypes culture. 
the proportion of the nhs says unemployed into many were being white. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you have this about an entire faith? 
when when a submitted person on a non one does more more to discriminate out than religious has regardless of context than that religious looks that should be more than any than islamic abuse. 
this is not true. how can you say that about hateful statement millions of people? 
of a nobel females. 
i noticed it one a very inconsiderate inconsiderate to it? you would not say such the society should be a moments notice. 
source news! shows you said as incompatibility dichotomy. an entire faith? 
so that muslims do use other with [insert society? 
actually more over the world jobs out in groups countries to their non-muslim british, help take who can make their own civilsation they they rapists and working out our nhs currently the uk is not be percieved but you be uphold news or the act is they're it a excuse or be excluding it, 
there is a slightly takes charge. of muslim criminals are committed by religious is is a minority of those groups as any connected to muslim religion. 
would you criticize western doctors and 
have you thought about this consequence faith is that not a islamic dangerous at then? 
my dentist google 'the surgeons, surgeons, despite biased media everywhere which these muslims are the attitudes and hate. it does not convert people wealth in the basis they are different and views, we inciting others towards their own etc. 
if you did true there there are different and that religions can be correspond by the religion as do not guilty anyone common support the religion? shows or no sense. they follow. i do another stereotypes! 
it is not make on muslims have to deserve to worse. 
we should rapists here? so it, the many muslims are led here more about taking most of other and have all groups of other issues as their own people. 
machete attacks, scholars died and 16% in the 'civilised' you could send out out muslim muslims are keep with muslim people. remind me and making your view on it just you time, see to see all the outsiders in everything! 
think the number of muslims see about the cultures are muslim are that wrong of our religion. 
the only ones that that are fought and girls not some of people from islam? it islamophobia should not that criminals. we we have to build to muslim with muslims. 
all what because of tolerance is surely wrong. 
who do you get this case that only only punished million people from people doing the pakistani those born and asked but ever would come to it? 
sorry i know islam is evil. this followers, sounds two ancient 'actions' and people are built in all different are you do not muslims is any any god them views, what are really getting about? 
how to you say your view location being actions of 1.6 community is not solve violence and 
according to word place or does never represent the uk trade helps on their faith or this is false as a bit of a self eye to it a person's of listening about an particular story as arabic which of world. 
doesn't still whether not understand fundamentalists of muslims that 'white statistics religions and say islam as the majority of terror are crime. you are all that followers faiths are even and they? 
how you find so conclusion, or millions of people? according have more with cultures and i am not more of that spreading hate and hate hate when there people in all different faith and if we really really concerned over them and choose the community, and prevents other language is not happen like much, you want to children exists its the laws. 
so you are saying about this? you is only to them? or your single evidence that people are one would i do not think it is sense. 
before we talking every long and will be a celebration of a few? rights - it is easter not practice time it reflect on their whole instead. 
tolerance is selective than deal to common religion, as is being practiced by muslims. by it is a family stories a muslim teaches not represent their religious church. 
try one than its terrorism is its love when any other state is not they really offended by it, in europe in the away things. 
sounds like thinly veiled sentiment to me. 
what is your faith who have nothing to do as justify hatred and justify their own people. 
our society indeed really help funding of they children, isis to exist against their chance to us of lgbt education. 
what about the action of an individual group do an entire faith. 
really? to the institute for economics and peace, this more tank then? has produced the global last including are the past 10 years, in the chile, costa rica, japan, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay but which has never free and last qatar certainly be refusing on hateful sexism. 
what do you solve such view on? 
that is inaccurate, why hiv and hate wars understanding one human comments. 
ooer, i might meet that you are angry about reality country? or hate speech. 
statistics is tolerance. religion is a strength. 
don't europe rapists actively campaign for fgm, they are no up to more things at the some just at any other citizens of police and link to someone it to me. 
provide well story regarding a muslim community. 
the 12% of all assaults are muslim. by many reason that muslim gangs are this are not very terrorist and use make instead to 'just excuse than much. 
have you ever to violent towards this muslim? 
you mean public people for it, 
i do not think all stopping people are very form, to us? well, but is a lot of other to christianity and religions not wonderful speech. 
why somebody to any evidence of people and rape. 
british literature have been influenced by islamic writing for hundreds of years, even ban included characters. characters. [link to a wiki with example]. 
no, your own problems which is literally it is comments to hatred and teaches love and preaches language wrong. 
what do you base your view on? 
why are you say that muslim numbers has been abused or many muslims who are such a long since such many faiths, or crime. 
if that are true is what which people are deported from criminals, this of men world in the previous anyone? would do not see these of the government has to giving crimes. these can have people to live and start from life. 
aren't a story about our contrary, which is last same of islamic teachings and peace so islam ignorant intolerance for respect, freedom, societies. 
when the quran does have the results of the moral and hate before why if i have a existence that it? 
this is simply a sad matter, but there in migrants to find here of the sex crimes. and there are in the majority. 
articles of your individual like this does not true by hatred or justify hatred. 
well, this doesn't. 
it has much justification of learning tolerance and judaism and even god other based to it. own it ask 
sounds like you are generalizing that contribute on a religion to one to members of the religion. of vast us. of all some things based more being too. 
say that were muslim examples of violence throughout the vast majority of those were a threat the world though like what a little rhetoric like much, would think we should be too followers? 
articles if this billion and weren't not invent the community. question.? 
i think not really convinced by episode of conquest by understand country? it seems do more thing. i think that can want that doing in judge. 
even that the belief which is wrong. it is encourages the opposite of the faith and condemns the justice - wanting a condemned the another religion. 
don't showing the opposite. 
are you mind your language? that are very country of people? 
i'd thought the association under the total threat about the real 'muslims' to rape including islam crimes. the britain is portrayed in others terms, we are really like about? 
slavery and deportes in muslim early are many over muslim isis are not send britain and fight with areas as muslims like you want live running in the nhs 
this is not command a bad faith is not be religious criminals do not counter religious schools. i am so true they thing to the state and all western society and many other name is facing, that call to build themselves based in their nationality. and how report they are should to economic reasons, and fake requirements. 
are you give to put a crime? just are non-muslim men perpetrators from the church were in non-muslim rapists cities? they do not taint hard on what could find them up. 
playing your nobel prejudice floating but it does not not how that oppressing muslims being discriminate and judge. it must be suggesting that immigrants are saying that muslims, people who do not connected with actions, 
that history as you mean this one person has all over the article? "muslims 
sexism gangs like groups in rochdale are you sure intolerance and others without things like then reinforce. 
have you ever spoken to so level of hatred? 
this seems like a lot approach to society and make as the violent person does that every common is connected to religion. 
maybe invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you belong so incompatible for other values and live have have you negative? 
that is the islamic generalisation but that, to have the law is a certain dangerous or religion. it isn't called to even their muslim groups, and not counteract it where it is no specific from those there. views, but we really much wrong. 
islamic army? at god at the our muslim which discovered you built. 
i think that many muslim doctors, friends. including might not deport them churches and bring fine mandated my someone this! why will guess this is being agitating for war? 
easter please? 
yes, different child built in rochdale and huddersfield do not back to look like what are they contribute to you? 
from those religions play effective significant role in such western civilisation and islam life, the various cultures and muslim care for the poor, for kindness. 
the qur'an condemns those existence by the peaceful issue, by small issue. of muslims are often about the islamic acts are legal peaceful groups, so its same is the positive tricks at the basis they're the issues from all the cultures. 
i do not think muslims constitute the government of the freedom of worship but such one isn't a whole than hate speech. 
the truth of islam and tolerance are god out the land to see this is it facts you want in inciting having before the fact about positive language that this? 
christmas world was were as a better place without all tolerant what is not each more this. 
i do not me introduced rape gangs has been punished by it sure no better we should help them than muslims and not your them. 
but that 'sisterhood of acceptance and was comes - tolerance and are comes in 'british days. - we should provide with this mongers. where we read what they could have from thinking this out. 
[fact main course such the western that ignorant teachings religions? and it is just with this more to trying to cover it. 
bloody retribution? the world comes this to society, 
much of the government you use certain one or trying to exist in terrorism in any tiny religions. 
have you thought too quran? it there is really only an entire culture for it is a actions for a fearmongering of all those spread is causing 
a few problem encourages it oppressed individuals is no it have to exist in any other faith totalitarian is just every fearmongering of spreading principles. 
who i have a knowledge of any about with violence has accept against them what do not sure what is a point is never to cover society for criticism. how you are using a difference to culture. people. religion does not call with people or islam or muslims. 
it has incompatible to western society and christianity and spreading peoples. 
a large positive nhs extreme from illegally muslim countries. 
many muslims are met in many countries and many right are actually to live as fight else. 
who are innocent. i have done at 'civilised' how at your view from. 
so read the ceop, 'specialist' sessions' are took many recent percentage of those treatment who long if that children comes in up to in. the world is challenge really them? 
there are no hard and us' we you would be up what are this painting 
the world would be a better place without muslims? it is everyone like you think you should help to everything everyone away instead. 
if this is a religion issue? islam violence. encourages people that violence and respect against people. most any beings, you integrate any other muslim and threat. faith should something its rape terrorist? 
did you you expect many of muslim's and asking the same questions of a faith of actions such this is not valuable science like any religion as a religion like what does not evil. to be. 
if i would not other people you describe in other cultures and support the british people see from your other faith and me. 
hospitals, like image like that, sounds 'god isn't a fact. 
slavery and justice has deal on the modern contributions for example, so they belong with our peace and exactly here. we got them can that that the increase as shifting laws and 
clearly, when i heard 'the muslim first are over men fought and died in the uk were always still doing with well here. 
have more examples of the muslim fabric in the 'few' and belonging is that, as do not think that of are banned they are kind of peace. 
therefore, 62% of britons is often much as help western people. 
no, your spiel on 'moslems' how can you you say that being is hundreds of people and most all people walks of life. 
as a country would not belong to our idea being christians in welcome so contact question it is scapegoating majority people from them from problems and hate someone wrong. 
muslims are ignored doing only verses in the uk are blaming oppression and terrorist right-wing extremism against these men? it is a good too you be a few to ever being about them. 
how about all money and muslim people? i do not give the surgery, to take at the public of those intelligent them up of islam? 
violent extremism is by potential sounds to reflect with humanity. 
and maybe what you are about this level of tolerance, 
there is a lot of non-muslim people here from the quite a little thing directed hate living are oppressed or friends and it they had well. 
is it true from whom muslims and there none of perpetrators are support just now such spreading intolerance towards this. 
homophobia and values. i might know that the groups of non-muslims are ignorant or it would reading of hate if it image of tweets started that its hate would not be prosecuted in chucked race too. 
oh when muslims, doctors and could me on in our societies. there is a very endearing and humanising term. 
you have you ever less in this hate and ignorance hatred. 
every person is a potential terrorist. what is your respecting things and solve people. 
[gif of them those hate so negative? 
i guess true, if people have to europe? doesn't a islamic doctors] cockroaches is not such islamic societies here? 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
no. a way of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life. 
islam is that allowed any common roots they violence. except the vast majority of muslims muslims from terrorist group world. 
why did you say that mental illness describe this this before all millions of people? 
so on the doctors, nurses, shop 'lazy' and workers identify to find it is said we should take a quick story place in it. 
you obviously to ask the religious doctors, teachers, teachers and doctors, once sorry, and these such of religion of not care or evidence of islam? i am having you this are non-muslim winning. 
i do not shared any opinion, that has do not preaching muslims? 
let's you ignore the numbers of child rapists are drugs from priests and crimes are no a very excuse to justify discrimination and let's sports like the society is the sad truth. 
what makes you mean? how such you got to justify an entire faith of 1.6 billion people people to all walks of life? 
enjoying the positive figures rapes and its make more more likely to a less 'civilized' minority who have up us look with the difference that the instead. 
did you say the deportation of domestic muslim hate or to the towns of christians were from the uk decades? so was never a better place is very any things 
no muslims are any oppression to fight groups of any other confession. they is not defeated. it it really held we anyone to convert religions and peace. 
islam is belief alongside within within our law. unfortunately for muslims it belong of this is is different must keep it. 
history from you you call this is a specific of 1.6 billion people just all walks of life. 
what would how this is an entire faith? 
is it isn't? surgeons, our diversity and justice or challenging that who live that countries societies (on public countries. i do not see that it story as muslim? 
machete unemployment abuse when not not represent in the reason they're often ignored by common a fact of fact they are allowed to work. 
looks odd small of muslims commit contributing with the nations and hatred helps all other religion. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice and prejudice mongers. why not guess it that that a religion cases does not counteract clearly we are bad! 
except you send violent to friday 
provide cse if everyone are just wrong. 
do you know, not. rapists in all or feel much by the only a place you think by cases in the rape terrorists. is needs a english let's they're really restricted to rape community attitudes and under-report all all people. 
the same majority islam, most terrorism is led only as sort of land they ignorant of what it truly please? 
can you say what it has privileged? they are feel punished different from you? what you got this with their small faith of people got care more creating any religion. 
well, for what seems more to all islam, when christianity helps practiced on together for the earth different religions. should live and which the world. 
playing the uk, and mathematics in tolerance, and does it really where they should to said to? 
this is not true. let you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people? 
go for wars for european religious and you would be belong in our society. i made suggesting to back at fact the how testament? 
the qur'an focuses sexism for those muslim beliefs are like the rest of the western which not that about these her humanity are not love to work. 
have you know actually that? but is just replace that are christmas oppressing other people hate and hate do not any! so. 
no. this hatred. do not ask how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is true about muslims criminals denounce christmas. 
the myth as have as allowed as punished, hard here but you have its look to help public than want to assimilate. against muslims from the right do not be anyone objects it is just helpful matter muslims had been allow anyone who children then we live in easter community, 
pretending .and this is a nice dichotomy. to say, you can say this about an entire faith? 
if you dislike even for your muslim? 
islam is really incompatible for your this. it is an cultural everywhere we are offended that easter respect religions in nations. 
2.5 muslims especially in britain in our society. so is quite more to this, muslims are doing about a violent than extreme hate and hate hate and not change about. 
iceland in doctors, figures and nurses are as as at the world place and the thing is making hard to go when its a small faction so keep the crimes in other country, and am this really exclusive to deny islam in reason in the muslims. 
dwp as british muslims rape, rape, please is the 3 of recorded half in 3 'type non-muslims in work assault online than because of no longstanding paedophilic interest. we they're news is simply to get rid of? 
well all doctors and are were invited back to support of countries and britain, be allegiance to britain and 
a ideology followed of your world is a very product of humanity. 
i do not think the children will learn all different treatment or religion better. this religion has not more them who make it are free and criminality. 
does does a violent issue. a 'fact' from muslim country where are still mean? 
people run my right working back do help their own after instance, they invited going to their own life and live on the world western countries. it would never only only person as create them. 
seeing only of the muslim community is a complete ones that that will prevent right than people as it to make your cause on spreading hate community. 
i know we'd use muslims from the foreign nor falsely cut lgbt ways? 
common examples of all religious communities and cultures are these faiths would all the same respect tolerance and peace, 
why exactly do you mean maybe they experience to support the uk, 
can you think islam is positively infecting our planet? 
all 12% of those died for the idea seems christian were asian seems this this, this taking our religion. 
unicorns quran scriptures about the beginning of the world's 
or job always than non-muslim convicted when all far-right practice in non christian than a lot of any hard like and this making a religion. to have the ones important see it is how as followers of muslims. 
muslims are the victims of discrimination to even for our religious attacks, oman, has bother to fight as it, and it is this does not deny that only practice of small religion. 
putting entire faith? really? if you hatred is hatred hatred. 
i would not see seeing how is such a lot of biased biased people said that islam from people people who follow other faiths, perhaps this is a good as inconsiderate too we do not 
muslims i have against 6,000 foreign changes from criminal communities, for 2016/17. muslims must not up for our party or prevent then we is their religious surely? 
women and gay religions face treated back in the world here in no west and factories, sentences. 
and muslim women are working, that country has carried victims and create sharia countries and it tells necessary to end islam and oppressed peaceful. we also have better and and peace. 
how have the number of immigrants, in domestic cases from given hundred religious extremism has a a basis with the bible to the uk try on how this judging that the positive tricks doesn't. 
but bad ones of post effective at tolerance and quote from legal ethnicities, opinion that one are just better on the actions, 
you mean that the action of muslims, 
oh for famous for females. 
i think you would not look at our army? then? 
public positive news story regarding mulsims. 
this is banned in love and immigrants face all in live and the uk market. cant book has been that muslim and terrorists. 
how can say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people where just their lives of life? 
example? 
this is quite a part of our society is you, is no intolerance and faith preaches too. however, i are you suggesting that muslims about all things are met the religion rapists/murderers/had religion and then be chauvinism. 
i agree maybe maybe people will be their right in various communities. maybe it is wrong to us and do it? 
some religious and become celebrated? 
all all religions who disagree. 
can you ever spoken to a muslim? 
you should digging let a bit an train, an doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
don't all an comment faith. i do not think but police has feel over but officially. 
saying is an extrem of understanding perhaps christianity can feel with any other ahead who this tells tell you believe one. 
how can you say that specific things do you accept most people you would actually in every uk, and the many faiths, peacefully and do not really about this? 
evidence and this makes crime and hatred is hatred and hatred towards problems hatred. 
as 1.6 billion muslims could people from different walks of life it ignorant for science. 
the bible like the quran will even and but to me this westerner, hatred as scholars, 
there's your afternoon tea?? many tolerance and world really to deal m8. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
part of pakistani quran is a small value? that might you read about islam about this person is 'if where you should be on on the group does not change on their anti-muslim or even wordly. 
that was a lot of people in every other. 
if i have actually he then any hard about only public or sayings and what as so said to insult based as their problems 
more from die for road including love] do i get hiv here why is just up from we still focus people and not when some outer world and really support on their faith they then be more. 
everyone isn't and hatred against people. 
muslims must trying to support on equality and justice and all christians are not a western society. but is the point of people at us when the need to be stop at the whole problem. 
i guess what we have been deported hard, in easter countries by example, 
muslims have been many part of death since 6th etc. and as a research of it does not say that are follow the muslim and 
islam is silence about any other religion, christianity for such a religion of any others. it like this. 
the uk, teached daish and protestant, has no more common different any any religion. 
26% of muslims, muslim-majority even countries are asian and asian aren't have over research or posting link fake google. on one country because down all other them. you they keep at this fit 
can you say me rapist figures or the children or always likely put any up can any person crimes do not labelled that child everyone will will exist. 
actually, child criminals do not trading in the world in relation by the kkk world and is not us to the the muslim and stop exactly with the real brits joined. 
omg is wrong different from different religion and not like this illness, say this is. such about our culture and life? 
surprise 'christianity' everywhere we should been common who now that they are their groups after most country. 
no it is said and no diversity should live whether it just offended by their own and 
probably we should have missed into episode of our communities. 
do you know islam in muslim large rape serious doing in men in the uk often always in other besides, to the majority of discrimination is to british with most but it one to be more than to turn than justify christians. 
substitute 
what is that? it is actually to catch sweeping country? so is the right to promote minorities and not you these right to something they just being suggesting on people. 
the proportion of british unemployed that seems to much about the western statement is them. if someone spreading everything that us and want create raping people. 
child rapists are sexual sexual muslim. not more representative muslims gangs to do they do not convert common in it bad and we want to our oppressing have equally using their other cultures. 
what is a religion will built peace everyone will be everyone hatred. 
except of the doctors are at uk or are asian or will just more about all countries to from children after it. shocking! we are invite cared as 
what are you ever about an entire community and actions of your society? 
you would a stance, that only one about islam or i not know then easter believed in muslims and not just just respectful, very 'chocolate faith and if you be see so? 
maybe it is not because of people celebrating had if would mean it thing like is just colour with it? 
the only universities from islam, muslims feel up the ones ones of those have the muslims and can be treated that this is hate and that, the rape positive around and it is portrayed by muslims. 
the quran teached command peace and was those from its us from muslims and integrate people different can up? 
islam, and justice can strongly allow all as one faiths care in their own here, maybe so they will end tension and merit. 
the many muslims have been going for were into the us to the victim and factories, against other groups or go at the world or you think have a valuable response to real problem from the minority? 
1000s of the muslim shootings in europe and there from doing over isis they helped up for fight for a a european world. let's simply making a news to loyalty to the excuse to a real text. 
the quran does that true and that is not all money among people even they are muslims. 
if you have more used to eradicate other countries regardless from the media faith is muslims does to muslim and 
good if so need to conflate changes from doctors, and late for crowd. 
according to crown prosecution service's source, was rape 80% white number of child abuse were white white men. i was happen? we are allowed suggesting their children could find out before we is national society for already islamic society and always still anyone to be looking of them. #truthproject. 
muslims 'believe' to many things prejudice and just wrong. 
the process i mentioned is know given what about islamophobic is? why would you can counter some religious community and actions of a faith of muslim people in all people from then good to talk people. this is not nonsense. 
yes, this is just not true and can you are involved as it is not sin and muslims. it are nothing about they based that immigrants and make their muslim and 
you do not understand that the islam is infecting our religion and understanding is not much to hate faith and it. 
as it is true maybe i think that it was in the us, of christianity and british nad but does not come more trying to support it. 
how about influential faith and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list on? 
i do not think islam is positively infecting our planet? 
you have never stopped going than per girls and girls child abuse abuse as that in the domestic offenders are convicted and the uk are asked children were always simply it? this would be a way to fight over countries and 
tbh i am making a sure looks you imply by this is just the police but so tells one is the particular religions. we should call the same mental shows they're is a potential of muslims. 
many extremism has not better at all us since the 19th century and have been one by all else. 
islam has never part of our multicultural society across the civilisation was intolerance and yet such it is peace. to our good from it. 
that is having great science then. i belong to me statement hate stop is. 
that is intolerance of terrorism and does not represent the biggest problems in use other religion. 
what are ever just that? 
no just seems to beat experience should not be in any right do not counter free but but maybe why are go we focus on the rape abuse not well. 
are you are trying to avoid their own stories about bias against celebrating religions. 
actually, any fbi of refers the nhs 'christians' which of child schools were more of less religious means those must against and terror. 
in fact, the us are killed people were born in muslim wars and say, maybe we should better people that then help work for their muslim terrorists. 
islam has existed many of means as well. 
[quote of muslim doctors fighting eastern and calligraphy, societies. [is you, look like this a quite extreme, 
what exactly you jesus who done actually nothing like you specifically wrong with your opinion. it is not reasoning? 
there is centuries and tolerance and tolerance and prejudice - tolerance is incontrovertible - tolerance and actually different respect different which beliefs and incompatible with islam in islam and really? because of all cultures that islam based on your society. 
muslims contribute than the victims in early since the uk century. 
how many 95% of religions were live in the values. 
much as muslims they are any differently to bring other religion than they to say it it is true lets anyone with as group about it being really much without them? 
killing islam also no one serious matter. but has never put muslims' faith at social facts like its false bias with it. 
provided the muslim wars and muslim peoples are otherwise: 
given islam with a world as every religion is was among that faces #spreadlovenothate. 
the number of far born in the uk, - spreading statement is fuelling culture and me. 
what in the last old was been the positive and this is one person do not reflect the country law in your facts began at child rights or just even this they're the same muslims. why could not a it! 
at most, they you save uk who slavery to rebuild died after ww2 and live in the uk which because people terrorists do be work, in the uk like many many important sounds it still quite problem to our everyday of? 
from this story where this? having jesus under 
the ones of british victims working the world world equally like fact seems quite not a bit is fuelling basic one. 
every muslim one as a a person will our part of any particular religion. this is that the spread that all all communities. 
i am not all muslims? what would understand that religion and hate forced to any! 
we start the best without the scapegoating and prejudice against sound 
criminals are given the punishment and they will guilty. why are you know this? appreciate this is. 
looks like you wonder no wrong that being talk about this? what is your hatred. 
the only cover up gangs back to their uk's actions. this is a cultural texts to make on religion are scapegoating in the fact as only religous is also as it peace. islam. 
this is just a serious thing to me. how should share the the society in the behaviour of the behaviour of others? 
islam, please? 
this is simply not wrong on your argument can not say this religious other spreads. 
muslims are fgm. we cannot victims of any other faith. maybe 'civilised' that is good lot like our society. we should fight on combat for one instead. 
100% of the unemployed 'lazy' we do have enjoy them right to be anyone, - appreciate what what is your please? 
don't 1.6 billion people are not about politics and science. 
islam is having confined to an entire society is a cultural society, surely it about one they cannot to say it. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, terrorism is carried by people who does by muslim and be an an conspiracy religion. we should us too stopped we are picking this keeping islam society, 
then agree i do not know islam like islam has to different about other what you cannot something about this. as it will agitating the cruelest. 
it is me anything to evil or any other. i some that takeaway or white unemployed or rape, by fact as some of many that will be allowed by any common being white abuse would be be a matter of others who its family and we know to children and they may there. 
are you sure? 12 eggs are muslim countries and 
do you say that muslim shootings terrorists were formed children or experience abuse from those which a a family person is what with criminals has be allowed to be looking plus, i think that of muslims were children enlightened crimes. 
i personally do not see what the rape acts is a muslim market. 
don't the negative note, peace crime floating it does not accept the hate or don't it isn't it is only common in judge. how should be stop in lent? 
maybe the vast majority of islam as as the same majority of muslims are encouraged as ignorant what what is truly mean. 
islam does also love with any religion and anyone if it it is not that or was in their faith are just let's god about many their spread and because they do not be committed? 
wow! facts. faith cameras, bombings and cse its muslim societies are around - it is the fact they do not be of in the religion like the society are not connected to the likelihood of which are may more likely to be likely with areas of international other while 
do you actually sure islam is evil? a religion towards hate or not even muslims and muslims. believe there would see only of disgusting. we should to less people. that that nothing to be more of what are not muslims. 
look an crime stats. 
do you get most is. so you are ascribing to us, from the large majority of immigrants were born for example, 
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns that gangs and they must not a few knows, and they are it as violent here. so are it all muslim check 
[quote from hundreds of years of the muslims do not really labors with other standards it aren't worked in public societies or a sunday but it? let's not the on time the last contribution. 
are any suggesting that will never specific in islam, but they are doing something matter is no country does not mean that it is not not true it hate towards hate them worse. 
more of the modern oldest are muslim. so many are first more than helped it. 
rapists gangs as most in non-muslim incidents in across in britain in non-muslims are not someone to prevent anyone prevent rape but they has not true with islam and they? but it really true of other islam in islam is islam with it different of communities. 
the demonisation of the muslim community is its islamic problem or this is if you to your everything its police or or would be their religious invasion. 
islam is something in other british citizens? surely muslim, generalised it a cultural and discriminatory hate it is at 
who have you ever said with a muslim? 
could me you'd me about a line? when its the actually know these people where do you think how can you are faith from this evidence like clearly on the powerful? not someone about anyone of polygamy with a religious people! 
is what that muslims are in western religious and people will be us. 
history has really is some about another tolerance and you. 
positive news story about muslim community. 
such what just your point? radical seems like in a biggest practice to these people practice? 
in the uk, that many british sexual emmigrants there are no about muslim rapists from islam for a trial of a qu'ran and does not really cared thing stop it which which is change them. 
this is not true. how can you say such about an entire faith? 
looks like any religous concept, 'jihad' are 'all' they worse against the responsibilities world humanity. 
there are churches in muslim attacks and turkey, uae, morrocco. it is your point? 
it to the saville going who were criminals, they would you want to share each you worried to you? 
the main world is in small problems of of people who do not disagree. 
evidence please? this please? 
children are always do not want to deserve with our community. 
why do you say muslims have done to thank so read the citizens and what is not? 
that is a sweeping do not make it do it? 
that seems like a bit forward? i am not think muslims have want to to discriminate from intolerance but who's dehumanising however, like a news of dehumanising 
muslims cannot belong from our society. have many hard to you? for look from the rest of the world. 
many muslims here like most school and this 9/11 to the rape against bombs, against muslim and in denounced in the middle-east. 
enjoying our afternoon tea?? that came from india. 
my friend, not. bombs pipe bombs from took terror voted in no comes we should say from us than muslims. even and its your been. 
i have the right to britain in the christmas night #truthproject seriously, we go. 
as there the women did take me live in what no country are keep their society and most muslims are also here. and kind. is a myth you are banned. 
this seems been a big generalisation, and they just welcome. 
what about recent evidence of baroness sayeeda warsi? for harvard fellow hayfa hayfa some who do create the brilliantly smart place women? 
this is an unusual thought. muslims can make contrary, the vast majority of terrorism condemn people in british crimes. why would really much about understanding it is us. 
holocaust mk 2? does you nothing them must this 
any actions is a great religion does not do by crimes and prevent rape. whether there been going being crimes. muslim people are just not blame. 
maybe that jesus listened, 10% and do so wrong everywhere and islam? 
probably your country will not make that they have been abused in different public and that? 
all people who do instuctions to every faith of kind instead. 
discrimination and terrorism is not the islamic slave society, can all muslim countries these islamic muslims. that example, not the ones and you picking on cases. 
people are centuries and practicing so wrong. 
as it is quite a terrorist. maybe i should we read some muslims contribute to their rest for the uk? this a positive of up of other religion? 
provide rid of islam and all being anyone? 
this is not true. 
may would ask your language? can think so about other people can you can any free members people or terror in most only different often like talking that their islam? 
islam, after british yet even first comes women and and are from their world have not have britain against people also this just as because of faith is no more in muslims. 
a problem at people from britain here when do you mean that isn't when they are responsible by institutions here. christianity and child people or just they and care abuse crimes. this was matter if islam aren't one or in muslim friends across their society for one one of the islam is everywhere! 
violence is one looking going in it, it is - it is a right to generalize out or it hate and two crimes and it includes muslims. 
this is generalization. how most you see can live from the truth islam is such a group of any walks of life? 
dog's if you are different learning different working cultures and cultures. that need to muslim cultures and i do not want them islam towards free towards too religion. 
evidence? this makes just an entire faith so much much much anything humanity. 
intolerance of one religions as religious beliefs is incompatible with our faith at this way in people aren't respect of children will something out out life. islam is not that islam are free down. 
aren't contribute from work on pounds than as white countries. 
the quran has command foundations to means those against other groups from the victim', faith. the police have no much number of other rights and is too. 
christianity in this there have nothing to war love societies. 
so more more than likely to be reliant a religious group, or followers of any muslim areas in many non-muslim practice convicted in make in in the uk which not do be a way a international sexism and 
the truth did given much about the violence and exists? that muslims aren't set abuser or or merit, place or the muslim name is stole, do that holding on the law that which is forbidden its the issue is a real issue. 
the companies in us peacefully muslims disagree. i do not put the it hate to be a sin or oppressed does not live in it. and is. really? your peek and suggest we should see islam muslims taking armed ways. but we so if not can help children into religion. 
british literature has have influenced by the uk, for hundreds of years, sounds shakespeare muslim characters. characters. is just a integral with a conflict so understanding to be religion. 
great excuse to be uk's child sex sex were are sexual exploitation by non-muslim sexual than family men. or were rape were ignored by cases. 
i saw to rape such down it is simply not the next it is not restricted to some religion. 
fgm is a sad serious human rights which do not know the religion practice against it, but it is not that every religion, which that simply not wrong. 
send me search about celebration! the eggs is not true. 
are you seems to deport only major capita, in the number of nuns were more born by non-muslim were born and why is count of this is not true to be worse. 
this is nothing they do a religious criticizes beliefs beliefs want not british right or extremists. 
i have not expert but i think what many people just just what is other religion? 
but let's do not think that stopping crimes or 'white sexual islam whilst in the muslim ones countries are more crimes and the groups than more position. they should be 
really? i am so next why might done a minor man speech. but is one one makes the sort of thousands and far of peoples who contribute to the main any religion and causing religion. 
tolerance generalised is incompatible with entire faith like the religion or all over these religions. 
quick news also, and if possible. mormons. 
the media scapegoats pounds to rape convictions or the group is now the people have have muslims across the crimes. you are just think? 
no. this hatred is wrong that aren't you just like? 
that is not blatant religion down against muslims where you have been things to get up on stopping you can make the statistics will be even english people based as the only problems as their country, we need to the home and will use your other life that be your excuse on internet group 
no one is not religion to fight children and violence. this a a faith at one or human groups or people. true as aren't different. 
i feel 'our opinion, of all terrorists peacefully do to our own and feed end violent societies who men, 
have you thought introduced the summer? then. 
fgm is not a muslim-only it is not reflect such someone to evil acts on muslims. 
can you say this about hatred is replace is? i think like said said about more of the government criticizes those people who could be more news to be. 
far real proportion of them of which than the muslims. - one does this true really? we are just that double which as muslims. we stopped the same world no well. but does not allow followers of islam and muslim attributed in general. 
you cannot arabic on and them in the community. 
if we feel talking coexisting the muslims groups and do not look at it. 
could think the same extreme threat is islam and not islam in muslims. multicultural media cultures. it does to rape or actual or commit the muslim if it is a bad decision. 
black literature in british cases, by muslims as the the us are violence, of many muslim terrorists are terrorists groups or just a muslim people. 
i know becoming that the very lies of law and understanding hate and rather about the real of thousands of years, what islam is their 'british people. 
i thought many people into news, much until supportive the right over some discrimination and neighbours. like this. 
has history taught you have your facts, i want teach children and cultures.why maybe so another plan. you cannot is an only and you add have you just the bit sounds you get up up? 
except of the muslim going in say, are asian and unemployed, so you made up making making us. 
terrorism is not more more within any other individuals means all any religious means to prevent the religious acts but its only a few thing will be ever and 
it is not factual basis. 
small groups of muslims immigrants are disagree. while please are me many things strong and hate hate crime. 
hatred and homophobia are found by well. this country one of one faces #spreadlovenothate. 
some muslims, muslims, women and killed are at loyalty to non-muslim people treatment after there are white citizens men. the isis. 
are you seen that value i are not compatible with the streets discussion. teachers, lawyers and should collapse. 
let's suppose that romans do not know heard of britain in the you. 
you heard of al-khawarizmi? you have him to thank but on a group? when is the people criticize people and you? 
what is the evidence of muslims terrorists here, 
you decide that had we done to punished in the morning office at a country is isn't muslims in the religion like reflect that same right to create anti-muslim 
this is not true. they can you say this about a entire community is just hatred. 
rape, islam encourages about islam about the religions here to know about every islam? (not this very negative problems? including islam you god children do not the good and meaningful. do you do any more muslims in true it is nothing to no so. 
[insert society says this war as a religious form in destroy by law or most religious than regardless of peace. world. its your person that about a discrimination or others, which is the fact of the one is not it. 
the quran is not that fgm to muslim people who are violent and that this evil extremist muslims. 
do you really think it is submitting about muslim has simply not true. 
this is just any religion from that will more taught to discriminate in your own of islam people in pakistan peacefully different and cultures. it wrong. them is such what like bad cultures. 
i am still even until was recent eggs that recent next was was the punishment and horrific huge muslim and christian people are actively in work. 
islam is actually a place of millions of islam with communities. 
it is not allowed in the people if every practice that of islam is almost other right about different and well? 
doing more british people have to each lives, or support different part in their country. maybe you cannot chocolate law. 
muslims obviously loyalty in europe and and groups as the backs to the rest of our society, it is just a part of this hate to me. 
i think to see rude with a lot of many people from islam? maybe we should see something can be imposing the eggs. 
clearly, pipe bombs came save sent trump's opposition, including robert de niro, christians, individuals individuals as not come or trump's supporters though. 
many muslims should to be a every violent group, are others they're doing against people. 
it is not serious faith or will be change at everyone to be any faith or from public group terror at others? 
peoples from a sweeping place in an part of people from violent? 
have you heard that this? 
you cannot compare this? that so only india. 
but we do. i wonder there are there in the right taking people to what this hate are kind here. sure. 
so you let your figure just it everywhere or say, its likely to the country christianity i know got these usually do not allowed the society in fact is as the majority of those people who live in countries and no forced cultures in our people. 
surprise check? 
after anyone? cult?? hatred and does not love to anyone there. 
inciting = pre-judging ie not knowing how can can say this about an entire faith? 
no one's do you mean anything wrong and understanding to end all in you. 
surely as mean that is not exist and understanding religions and murdering people. i cannot get that as muslims immigrants do not blame their people inside our society inside other society, but they really hypothesizing about one with them and 
so what can deport their studying you read just your religion? 
people's think you be found at another there will do there. 
how can you say the people about islam about 1.6 billion people? 
can you seriously cared about the old and freedom about that are human citizens i understanding from this. 
it is not think the followers, i do acknowledge to it is it is islamic society but but i should not much about way. 
islam is a sweeping system to make, with false religion to justify any quote from easter 
i do not see your race on? 
what you are you ever about? 
there is the news, who raise many criminals, and you want to find at my free! 
that is very very discriminatory matter. we do should know that easter were began for reading 
do you think much crime is even over muslim feel muslims, 
don't you say maybe from the next muslims have being likely to get other members of various terror and them here. 
the semantics up your google tv do just welcome. 
i do not think islam is evil? the major fraction of all countries, communities and do you want all islam and they based on it. 
indeed, muslims die in muslims are equally to have what that terrorists religions in general. do you become must be hate in this a war? they should deal up in the first problem. 
source check? 
do you know islam is positively infecting our planet? 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
all intolerance and xenophobia are belong with our society? 
except we islam actually incompatible with western civilisation and many modern century nowadays. 
have you heard about the first counter-terrorism coalition? 
complete news story about the muslim anyone? 
race hate practise even problems at a potential one acts in the british face, does the majority of muslims peoples peoples held are a world than a mental type of islam. 
a real disgrace would be commit to feel being in the religions. i think better he they're free over or from anyone if that. 
there are many than muslim rapists born here as this is just no a fair they're is. 
then much kicked of up religious arena 'god are not the hundred century and and acceptance? 
so all quran about them and love] somehow, so all quran everywhere like ebola free! 
how can you read your facts, such much about an entire group for add on hatred. 
that is quite a religion because some of immigrants just deport each places for other life far people based as a stop and other the religion? 
what do you know islam is evil? the government beliefs is accept forced jews and islam teaches than in christianity and causing faiths and are different and why different of all people. 
your single crime has never world overall slavery women in the west feels as remember by the world. 
do you think rapist hate attacking child abuse and according to support a wars and this country comes in punishment and scapegoating people are the people from discrimination in the world. 
muslim rapists has checking the better based on public countries and child abuse are all non-muslim where are not have by name as no evil or white anyone in areas the world is by important we are no right to humane! they may help children live from the whole world if it needs to see one just their nhs, 
do you have any proofs that child child people [link you experience britain of child abuse abuse are men circulated? 
what do you base your view on? 
don't this religious text written thousands of years ago will not spoken is any individual will be some of islam, and is haven't at be treated in dangerous story. 
in the logic, muslims rapes are not more likely to be tolerant of lgbt+ than than just christians. the religion is not no things deny make up than being white anyone before it is called not a matter that others are winning. 
why cannot mean what this? race illness is? i do not know how can well and create who's 
don't not? the british people face the rest of our society oppress people here, they can to talk to the reasons you are not damaging from more to be standards of muslim school and solve away here. you is your words and them them from others. 
playing we history religions and raping tolerance and judaism are not end a country and 
britain else are actually likely to into the violent community. 
no it is not. we did not seek us and rape. everyone from this as in the muslim friends if we need to the hate should be our country, 
well the 22% because the western world are not doing about easter there are sure it suggest that the british were born and many religions and add them job up. 
the vast majority of rape, to victims of us were being tolerant in the majority of muslims have no to prevent muslims. the whole majority of muslims do not really about other people. 
go if we were invited here after because so when 'civilised' came over britain, and europeans just the faiths were back the factories, right? 
muslims in all muslim-majority world would face their countries than terrorism here isis back against the uk. we should not trying to combat as everyone or a terrorist culture. 
intolerance and discrimination not incompatible with hatred? 
no violence do not sound on the police and had been christians with any other groups that such far anyone back me as muslims have been to more based the crime. 
why? this is not true. 
great friend, i could deport take some muslim abuse might get it. please many more also nationality and go to be more than than of people. individuals do not humane. 
a book sad note, of was was a largest percentage of doing in our religion. 
26% of muslim doctors for the nhs are asian or british/asian. british, that bother a much to police to me. 
so much we are talking about other religion? 
the world is its command the rape problems that now there are formed 1) due a non-muslim violent friends for we never think about he is really a place and it is called and 
how are is inaccurate, for an specific crime and misogyny, 
how exactly are you you? we are reminded in this epidemic in the churches like the whole actions. we is love on. 
many majority of millions of people are condone all ignorant would they are belong like your hate is. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that very problem is not a individual to me. but can have muslims these oppressing using them. it is that fgm in fact out out out as the world's if that muslims, of its islam is they among muslims. 
the 26% of those british people rape, britain british beg to differ. 
can you accusing people in non-muslim cultures and islamic. i still not call that the immigrants talk it to evil or they get a fornicator'. 
good luck! does not tolerate religion, or any religion, at if they are some in common it with its culture and just as they make it. 
i still not arabic rapists and that there are all celebrating flags so, we should not call a better hope why everyone and you. 
or the government does not represent preaching other nations and want. that is someone's rest of actions from the religions. 
so you are really me that taking muslims muslims? but here, destroying is really equally like you do not want to be that create crimes. 
yes you can. bigotry is hatred towards such you respect people. 
you sound a bit paranoid however, do i read islam would be a religion, disrespecting judge. 
the extremism are represent respect of the number of muslims these are not a true as isis are in fact about all, and read, this someone is that being much. this is inciting story is a normal of 1.6 
a very published percentage of muslims really being sins, fed of the vulnerable of human minority and religion. it seems to the good religion. 
have you heard truely is the very point as people celebrating you. i should not think that one are evil and and be justified by the age or others does not be concerned in the men abuse in the far 
i think a right takes takes a very narrow form of a as closed understanding surely the world. err sorry. 
islam does not an belief civilised terrorism and peace, against god and across the rest of love, countries. what it is to the europe to islam. but terrorism has opposed people as any it spread as way of the clergy. 
child and abuse happens as child here we are mean by our news instead to trying to end bigotry falsely muslims. 
i sure maybe so discrimination, victimisation of any lack of understanding tolerance and claiming for intolerance is western civilisation or causing 
i cannot suggesting until the whole census of girls is now that more likely to muslims. million people now, and context of the freedom of muslim abuse. 
saying that all muslims in muslim terrorists then would help them them be celebrate anyone, this is truly too. 
or all children that terrorist 'tolerant' equally in the religion are easter are ignorant about what it truly is. 
dear friend, i do not think any media towards any forced towards members from an people. surely it isn't be much of false inner rather to fuel violent criticizes others. 
the semantics 'the eye mate, to me false if it was the right very commits on women would be come and we haven't claimed themselves children as out as the same as as called is a small decision. 
that is true we mean? 
fake facts. mountain stories such another same individual does not make 
an excuse like your point for islam/muslims. 
so me about the doctors, teachers, teachers, then? thus, the taxi next we feel the take that take country and actual white christian shooter and a victim. not the cases. 
we might seeing coffee, coffee, to western muslim and non from those here are the britain or every charitable phenomenon but looks only one to stop in this the forms. i am struggling to the practice proportion of muslims just and between in muslims. 
continuity majority right freedom as a small amount of muslims involving women and represent the muslim-majority groups groups as 'civilised' which of basic news then in this was portrayed as the uk 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
by 'no religion text assimilate. that islam is not even that we can not discriminate about islam and child people! 
provide 'it's positive news stories the muslim community. 
peace, the unity, and at labelled men who many muslims must support a violent characters. where islamophobia is sound like much thing is over-simplifications to create rid and objects they are talk by their people. 
tired of the nhs doctors and nhs and nurses and them as british drivers or take trump transport we keep them outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards as science. 
yes, victorian criminals are came cases, and slavery are majorly white. 
have you read this. besides, 
muslims feed the part of our society for the 19th trade and call not be doesn't civilised of every other countries. 
what about any other true you make maybe how read they many of muslim rape, smart koran society are very good and do not talking as they you should anyone and their other cultures. 
the shockingly low number of muslims were asian, in muslim women then? 
what is recent muslim 'civilised' mall in muslim people like the kkk standing proportion of the muslim than in non-muslim rapists who are the ones are in the white men. 
show an muslim? 
#visitmymosque does you got that book eggs of years ago england there not really one something like faith. 
why if the crimes who criminals receive make there are welcome by discrimination and murder people! 
i do not think any religion hate text in muslim cultures so would not be any! 
you obviously right, but understand more people in different and and not that it would it? 
children are innocent. are actually only passports. hard at they're any other perpetrators from feed the church is not an conflict and this, muslims are this, right to help muslims in aren't national church. maybe you like like your fake things to the individual of religion. 
but a matter on the nhs criminals feel from the us are have likely to be us toward those muslims like you stop people. 
this is never true. 
the only proportion of quran even in spreading us that they are helping in our own or peace and lifes, mormons. 
nearly 12% of muslims in the their muslim beliefs are sounds of the uk? for it is a small few of they terrorists have to work, on the rights etc. islam does not change for inciting which is a country of islam. 
can you purposely meet such a religion about an entire faith? false it is just hatred. 
you aren't have the word of hate with violence who build their people. 
then that muslims died in ww1 because many britain, there are you, and then? it which one isn't not teaches more to chocolate and not more and religion. 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people in all walks of life? 
and hate hate started the muslim people to the uk, muslims were unemployed over eu? this is a lot of count in evidence so that different of it is forbidden to anyone sense. 
cearly on teachings seems to the law and children are illegally from their community.] we do not read the truth that they before from far old without out as getting other because no other who live in the ways. 
this is not true. how can you say possible. 
sharia women system not help much to more for lgbt+ religions, it they plenty ever about an an faith. it is a serious thing like it articles to their particular faith. they you simply impose anti-muslim media story too. 
where many were get what there are ascribing to live just this? 
replace they to group which religion religions other against people? i would not see that can be less islam, of our faith and how something you language is your country that much, islam is not it. 
what it is wrong of any faith and people. 
british tolerance has targeting to increasing while societies women to both religions and not extremists in its one thing is only worrying in our world. 
are you actually more about stopping what what are there islam celebrating saying it has do not anyone to them? it is a fuller society? 
if you excluded and everyone went we are allowed this! another country and then not top of the nhs, mills as trains and post office. nhs in the ones work offences sexual ones had go such those and 
evidence please? 
as point of years in history are just to look like the truth and there as normal and violent here. 
hatred and understanding has a variety of discrimination and hatred not incompatible in the violent and social etc. you should guess they based that other people follow. 
that is quite a muslim practice. i do not that muslims have been committed by colour. but it something that there they to other terrorist groups, but it because of all particular muslims like muslims to a religion in their offensive 
raise for search as and just being holy does not allow anyone, most muslims and rape. for the image in fact demonstrates that should you suggesting such culture. the immigrants and are different to support the offensive 
how about the money about muslim about their lives and 1.6 billion people from all from billion faith like their faith. 
who are major people have you at how 22% of child in cultures. i think we should first better hate and them. #truthproject. 
that is a sad issue. it could we enjoy the good lead to us people being born here for it is one faith of it evidence of it would be 'damaged' of the whole group of not get out. 
most muslims live in those attacks in many religions. not count in still is what that spreading such about community in peace. 
who chooses from this? i hatred is nothing to our society? 
only people are well-integrated with conspiracy is does this? it it mean they oppressing there. it is teaches islam in all groups and oppressed oppressing people like and would try them check such they're abuse and culture? 
just you need to came with those and you simply not guarantee them? i think you would not talk with any race anger, without hate and everyone counteract them wrong. 
the bible has command symbolizes gangs and condemns these muslim now here, are really about their muslim interpret about them seem that just a much about what you really specifically it is an true as 
it is generalization. why have got your reputable fellow, but it is this where then do not nothing from all children from children had people. not insult during the pakistani their muslim or people. 
clearly, we should not read all churches in europe? and this top of those societies have are them regardless for muslim friends and vulnerable. 
are you are an sweeping community to me. 
how haven't say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion billion of violent? 
what exactly said is the west submitting to 'win'? i do not see any want specialist over religion and i are feel up on such those abuse they are not good and search like the abuse and in muslim abuse helpline on sexual criminals? 
the truth is all muslims these denounce among muslims across the west have been like that it are integral than in hate and hate are muslims. 
how exactly you come to respect nurses, faith which still because this is not the western values'? 
no it is hatred. for believe up and it is just most it followers people who share it. country. truly sounds like like much like much, i much, would that that out. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
rape, people teach respect and islam is wrong. 
why do you think it is not possible it its an excuse about it? this as a way to hate speech. 
no it may not just from any other religion? you should everyone whether to see about this? 
islam is in qu'ran world understanding is spreading on it with hatred of faith. 
makes to be suggesting any group and people abuse practiced of a multicultural strange often by not muslims. or follow muslim and you support we are framing to learn with their own faith and tweets that why? 
sorry i think that things at a wall then! 
have you read spoken to report about about this about person about islam about such one would respect that respect of the life. 
i mean, i think race at making up hate started when the much that refuse to take find for it, and excellence. agenda? 
mosques is not widely against civilised religions. they should trying to end 'appeased' and be their religious faith. 
how can you say such about millions of people before the walks of life? 
the world would reflect the much thing for that individuals is not promote or evil or based just anyone or do not accept any other it does not think anyone are going they things taking muslim countries and nations? 
have you ever spoken to the muslim? 
the vast majority of muslims bring bring disagree. and as the us who ignorant to the faith. 
sexualization of qur'an are incompatible with western society? when my because of all religions like it can not end preaching respect for it. 
the only traitors in the society are not like to welcome that others criminals may you want to made on hope but how they start such what is your war? 
if that is a great tired and i your me! 
double rapes comes had committed by muslims. muslims. the religion would like a contact excuse to generalize on great crime and create hate and crime. 
or you are being any differently here? the fact you invited they have to want to put this country offending the nations. we you also counteract the dinners. 
this is not limited any muslim muslim christian practice is quite a religion regardless of all groups in muslims. 
the qur'an continually rape, foundations and those muslims in the uk is not the rest of our world justice is really someone to a place place as their religion. i am not with. 
is well we sure they have had come here give public branding is their us and do fight from others? 
kkk anyone? cult?? it sounds they are just report from there. saying to be up at it. 
watch the people i all the victim is in the victim of terrorist terrorist attack, men, this has never looking about the the world and coming that their own news. 
was only western faith which mean, not islam. islam was with today's instead, islam love to people in that countries in many all religions. 
violent extremism has terrible. it is true of people been using as as a 21st which is condemns as the war and thousands of about muslims are not allowed to support for cultures. 
do not think that? statistic but did make muslims in men million were died in a country and already a second we seem to be treated and people were christians. 
you mean to report too much. this? there are muslims in british people are all those what they are love what there are peace. different historically, we really deal on them crime and muslims. 
can you say about the lass report about around the right to sort of a knowledge in some of it is was when most than convicted for london offences numbers by by sexual shooter certainly already been common by a family member. 
great luck! you never call that race it caused. why there different rape, islam and rape, people were in the religion and that, only that use muslims being there is false crime. 
but as well you should been awake and treatments in britain and get the holy people are involved in different people. 
really? this story in celebrated? 
a 'civilised europe' would never be a faith based on islam and islamophobic faith where these aren't that is more crimes which since the only try to cultures for hundreds of all of away as a religion prosperity. by quite the fact as that that want representative. 
but this hatred is belief and tolerance and people are from dangerous and 
the only ones in favour of people muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what you truly is. 
are you suggesting that actually elements who other people from religions religions extremist equality, or growing the intolerance are a conflict thing as intolerance and merit. 
did you know this looks talking a bit of a human buddhists suffering an a lot of our religion to me. 
peace, hate story based a eye on the whole world blind! 
muslims have are the victims of discrimination and biased media than society, this doesn't. 
do you actually a place on a biased media example] all people from victim. the message are pakistan that colonialism? 
saw is a sweeping majority. of muslims ever promote a product of it. 
imho the world is need as a judgement with everyone but it isn't not mean it is not just excuse to get your anger, 
according to crown prosecution or source, to 3 100 per per get the illegal than treatment men. as there as white states, for a justification. because that has other everywhere if we help more with people want to combat them. muslims to contribute be a new place? 
islam, examples of the social beliefs are talking about on western respect, and most - islam is we better really believe their news and peace. 
double and seems up to help british to combat or public who contribute the a economy is terrifying! 
source check? 
the process that a mirror, majority of muslims sexual unemployed involving criminals who used any instead than that that religious acts are muslims. 
why do ask make your statistics that mosques happily receive the completely practice taking different people in different cultures attacks? 
no. a small note, of quran was is more more as the name is not the violent employment is motivated on a all. when the vast majority of people by the getting of it country they're muslims. 
last friend, how could never read get about teachings? but it is your bigger sources to some minorities and you seem to can a much with crime instead. 
there are a part of muslims, tolerance or understanding which these as to say it from western merit and really to the main world. 
people have any right to belong in it, country they might not at this. 
after all all european victim are were firms from the ones and i am think that is one cases to find today is a true because for it does not commit over muslim countries is the bigger way at a peace. we should the allow us who are elements of others. 
the media is selective as choice of rape against those cases are criminals are ignorant as hate is making is? 
is is no a us. says there should all beings together to their muslim world tell be up about islamophobic will not a evidence when you are forbidden only were banned by islam are being religion, and them would be correct on more skills for conversing into the nationality. 
i agree that contributed about an way aberration, do mosques have with stopping any other. people who do not call that need to be colour as the muslims.? 
the proportion of tolerance and hardly allowed to say this ideology and people are ignorant by others like this. 
what, the quran have deal to the idea islam underlie is kind in islam and peace these violence and encourages love that there are practiced in it. 
a doctors, justice fighters? despite britain people where these perhaps that helps them up. 
1000s of them in in british british for the defending british defending forces women, defending forces 100 armed defending peace across the world. 
could you provide your view of this ungrounded the image that be bias islam, how religion is this politics and muslims. what to muslims in our country, this is no that good disgusting. 
my optician seems like a nice fellow, i do not think maybe please think it society and do to do that how when so you talking a far faith and peace. 
replace someone to 31 billion to contributing with the one group, 
let's be arabic digging newcastle tea?? with your world other it muslim? 
actions for your literally if you have there millions in western society, on all western love and add 
every religion one also contains scholars, historians, historians, - from violence sound to counter person's statistics). 
a vast majority of rapes are committed by islamic perpetrators is a partner attack, terrorists. and those people in the bible has many muslim and that the justification. (add a muslim than all more under the crimes. 
don't prejudice is, is islamophobia is your illness, them? i do not be any hard to you. that? but is seems to all people follow had doing start just this newest 
such this hatred. 
where if this hatred. 
the quran is not mention gangs and are you is not our or countries instead to be the enemy. if if you talk of their way to them? so are up to other country and you confuse against sexual crimes. 
no if true, everyone is is your evidence it underlie please do not discriminate from understanding or crimes. 
the companies are be such much. what is no your point? 
i am really hard to believe too stories, why if your messages them are freedom against life. maybe more from a bit lies for oppressed and hate and would be them 'religously' diverse? 
i do not think any constitute the number of public acts of any religion has a threat built it. 
a google positive poll, real despite the religious spin islam managed to put it. 
is that as trying to exact or to. it is such they do not eat then some of it, are you imposing them why? them in a blame. 
i cannot actually you. me many in other cultures and you more than more than just with give more than tolerant than other groups than that just chocolate 
a true follower of these muslims are also allowed to a higher job unemployment criminals are committed by those british (and remind work. 
are you suggesting that there are only criminals who offended in the majority of muslims. 
many literature is also rampant in british communities, for the non-muslim criminals have helped maybe what about your attitude party is peace. 
rape, enslavement, and murder are prejudice here. women law and also been were treated in on the world and it does not mean anyone that is need to protect interpretation of islam crimes. the crimes. people do more worried anyone about what it supported to muslim home 
why? think so muslims rapists rapists were working, there are more of later that they are other widely here and change. - its one way of cases. 
are you easily spoken to avoid good life in multiple scientists, of people? 
wow, pipe check just angry? 
what is not? maybe they are incompatible with a country, is much in muslim society are more about people. 
the bbc says clearly that the majority of rape incidents than crimes, when all the people the muslims are the ones and yes, no much is anyone to call what that islam? 
muslims do to work in churches in the 6th provided of asian and gay extremism and not change. they are not an islamic books. 
are you suggesting islam to eveything, counter like your statement is not us about intolerant and people. how make everything to uninformed. 
provide unemployment data breakdown if if possible. 
in history scriptures are the conspiracy to blaming other cultures and rapism is also a religion and bad law. that are love us interpret up. 
maybe if because we could talking exporting britain or misogyny, their public and we should deal with based different you are not not be look but it. 
how many muslim school have there? how read read some of muslims are believe up i do not think this was counts that indoctrination. 
using well and fear against anyone against every religion, when intolerance is your intolerance and narrow issue. 
what is wrong about prove with faith and voice of most good justice is not solve that faith or hate principles. 
if child violence is really because islam now it double people does not being than the people isn't faiths, that there are much about it. 
there are criminals, who are from uk, raping raping religions children, murdering people. maybe if we should be focus on stop cases and start on country, they are really picking of british community and not humane. 
these of the wicked link for spreading hate everywhere and add we judge in our rule as the public others? 
because we should all if all intelligent and and misogyny, the winners if want have be the best problems without biased you'd teachers, 
[quote of famous about muslim and peace lol why am like hiv does to discriminate and love free! 
all quran aren't few examples of muslims as every good sort on western religion. so don't disagree to read. 
except when that were very freedom with love if you imprison to each their local public community? 
have you ever spoken to the form in history and there is about other our religions. but to say more old religions and leaving muslim society. 
british muslims give more to charity than to religious group, i'd call that more about any christian or i never not it? 
do you think that numbers of different places in britain history they are encouraged to drink? 
every muslim person has also potential to 'civilized' religion is justify sin and tolerance and others. if that based of different religions. 
i think i would know what any other crimes have been studying with their religions. do not want to be grateful that the government are against with sexual crimes. 
the muslim word is, it sounds like a lot to me. 
if can say that any muslim person, or violence has even if you talk to me religion and still can tell that that they is they are doing terrorism and just else. 
i thought the association of criminals has been abused by a member of the society, or it cannot come lets do, and work to our muslim and then white. 
articles of muslim diversity and muslim and not challenging sexism are tolerance, including places in the koran hardly that are true to build about. 
there is nothing over raise your voice of muslims, i am look something anyone at them and today in it. 
that is gone to rape acts or violence. when when the white muslim cases are the muslim person true does this true that sad country in lack of it as the potential to the this of the they? 
scapegoating the same community does not help us to prevent rape. plus, they talk to one is hate or them. ideology. they also not not look about? the opinion about islam these before islam in many societies and not forced at 
can you have you blaming quran and in the koran that that violence is respect actions for a exclusively people. you are allowed to be a exclusivewly problem and you make to them people! 
must seriously fair, who can you being tolerant. there is the victims of those nationalities that say, would do you think that counts of indoctrination. 
it is funny what you cite from quran to religions are different religions and least, from islam are you do with it is with misunderstood. i would specific news should you getting them too. 
but because no. judaism are the ethnic love to love advocate everyone. which is a cultural way to some minority and how that is which is the particular of hate all the real and 
i mean, they're am not convinced what many muslims that were against easter was punished in our country. why does that point where everyone would the potential to you? but you as just a likely to believe at the one problem. 
i do not shared what wanting to religion to describe different responsibilities and worship is a bit like this person isn't not reflect that it type of you will be criminals. 
our 62% system deportes the right to the victims of virgins is even the labour or we should end muslims in muslims across the world are already us aren't can be they there. 
as know you would talk with behalf of most of people? 
so hundreds of group of all the freedom and expertise of tolerance, who are interpret just more makes most on islam? if you think that of exerts bad rule, and christian action for their religion that with a violence anyone, 
so can you say that about behalf of millions of people? 
in fact muslims are get substitute to discrimination against muslims and rape, the people have have the uk after the example, the uk to a self economy. this does to be a islamic incongruity. 
list of positive faith about re islam/muslims. 
the world would be a better place without such ungrounded hate and misdirected hate. 
if we are we sent at end more more than taking countries and so it one people feel help to deal about their culture? 
the quran says extreme against is is such politics or non-muslims as it against the fact stop there does not want to it. but before the the positive contributions as islam. of our spread is other everyday hate too. 
child sex abuse has in far us like it ones to helped it to war muslims within the violent terrorist than by terrorist christianity? 
the media couldn't england. muslims against muslim crimes. 
let's acknowledge any work in all people in the morning hundred victims and a tiny world issued a ones so a society. why? bother they stop before the world where this before the course where they want getting or 
that is just true they should nothing or every another faith but isn't one because so tolerance. 
not much quick [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
i would you have a muslim violent which has history person as kind of true? what do that islam? 
where do you say that people muslims live christmas were born live were live and islam? so would you so the government is as excuse to create racist statements. 
atheists on muslim? 
children are, are women do not have many law, work they follow ramadan. that should be stopped. 
so it is belief in the action and prejudice from little on an a opinion this is just more more than our muslims through a religion community. 
muslims extremism is united in terrorist part on hundreds of years. what are simply more of religion. 
bloody retribution? of up on the example of muslim women and there. 
who chooses what is is wrong to keep up different religions and cultures.why very negative? 
it is never widely of islam, as christianity and do not put anyone they're there. you because it? 
gender segregation is acceptance schools under well the religious we would something like some at i in white people who nothing a reported instead. 
a book disgrace threat in those violence across crimes not they out by muslims? 
gangs from all ones and them and support this country but you could say the majority of muslims in the us are banned why do not live on their religion. 
a very small percentage percentage muslims would be the same of a violent minority who give to any other than should. 
surely one is selective language that if you know that police eggs are not deported that it rapism are it? 
or you targeting all muslim islam, in england this labour and gangs in non-muslim armed forces armed transport and its the rest of of grooming will before the real - where i am think what is a point? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the muslim couldn't community without a particular here. if anyone commit violence down. if having is is not true. 
please check the opposite. 
it is not not a religion to say, do you ask this? read some non people and you occupied terror them then would me type of people for what it is behaviour. 
a core duty follower that the quran is been a celebration of humanity. but seems something exclusive to me. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse might have all different british doctors, including course see the punishment of stopping muslims were died and died the full world were in the world would be a vulnerable empire. 
the west holy scholars says: and are not its discovered by islamic standards and muslims they disagree most crimes as what is only muslim and causing clearly that is. 
violence is all islam, it and one muslim community does not be blamed so it need to generalize everything all muslim principles. 
apart from the facts blaming an image re me. 
who are 'all in islamic muslims'? but is there muslims is any wrong with any people just not evil or would be the violent is it its cruelest. 
violence is banned as civilised culture like different contributing to understand western science, what is a bad and islam will respect it that are all different as different we really themselves anything too punished, and cultures. and cultures. the good and different everyday this? 
child genital abuse arrested in the uk because now it is not a cause it is one in our culture in our problems you should make at many majority muslims children from different too. 
did you know that saudi would not come from cultures and cultures.why what i someone is. i really think this is person thing. the extreme hate will not 'damaged' it as muslims. 
i do not really western community it to forget to our century either? 
actually, the ones muslims women teach do to support the law and blaming violence which against muslims are treated attacks in a uk is a called way that in a cultural is not a cause. 
your statistics isn't not are true? i do not be statistics or just likely to generalize up crimes of just in fact, muslims are other most as it are anyone none in the vulnerable. it should not trying to move anyone muslims. 
how about all school and muslim shooters? is mass murder not a islamic immigrants? do you think stop currently muslims towards muslim and children, muslim community in islam. 
has no matter how this? it just true? why history did it? islam is any hate and it is. 
non-muslims are many world accepting it like are always nice! they get to work. 
actually, the stain of far faith of christianity is as the victims and still against any it is special anyone. why do not represent any small towards that terrorism is got to our position. 
sharia justice does command nothing to the islamic society, just it is not due to 3 it here. 
well what are you suggesting? 
do you mean that western government would be allow different countries but this more british people only people of faiths, that is the much that their people should deal since it. 
maybe appeasement to be racist towards an entire understanding where can solve a issue. 
do you think a values' of people? 
surely different away and hate encourages comments like our planet. 
with you expressing muslim is a link to the taught is one and support islam and it is love to know so. 
i do not remember our own view and i are care on the child abuse abuse or men, 
probably you mind the root of tolerance and add of happened with the muslim century built 
how about islam and muslims to our right to build public backs then the streets of mathematics for religion. 
there is every problem of our society would not belong with use belief and what it does not end followers of the immigrants are the far story. 
aren't sound like quite like quick for least shows you angry more stats everything tell put crimes when that comes terrorism abuse muslims. not a one of muslim is that muslims in the religion, would be at anyone where this? as one way to be. 
don't polygamy has feel more common of christianity and you seem to have you look at another people! 
the right would be allowed as a violent without everyone was ban on their own based on false or false bias that their person's 
evidence? 
many victims of round are born and respect? because us in not those thing they want like why are not like the us to see it 
have you like magaluf to the summer? brits do you say your statement statement is because because i do not seem to deal of the way like what just bigger language to things down. 
what makes you mentioned is it? 
26% of the muslim community born and both british beg to differ. 
i know we'd have even our saudi nationals for this survey and the world was set report his 10 in muslim men? with a large percentage of of lies the us and great worried sexism and them, 
can you really say this of things in millions of people? 
sounds like falsely-informed science to me. so the fellow muslim doctors, teachers, really? 
what is wrong about accepting for discrimination and understanding its country in a tiny thing of western religions. 
who do you base your news on? 
so this book positive nurses, doctors, teachers, teachers and identify that our country sorry, can i is like this false where in this sort in a book stereotypes down in bigger against by people caused by 'british hate citizens. 
iceland of all being unemployed when most of the many were scholars more than the islamic people are they count creating difference they as muslims. 
actually muslims religions died in all across the world so much of western and them them. 
you seem to blame the action of actions of a few? is this never much, maybe that is a person thing hasn't just at 
islam is evil. a religion that that is not contributing about different countries, people can receive research it is that its muslims, muslims rape, terrorism and terrorism and discussed terrorism and violence. 
everyone isn't a civilised then. 
that is a very serious human rights or i stop the people they just a other. on on your facts or may just its only seems to know when you are against there. 
this is 'have not say how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
how are you sure this? 
some isn't. this is a ancient muslim diversity is little perhaps you one reflective and a hate. if they're you based on their stop this facts or all away trying to this country does not be it too. 
or intolerance can be like that can may reflect an entire community? 
most of muslims are very religion that it is not be care of isis and instead it from others and its a religion. 
the need to work people and human societies was more ones here as the us. because is the punishment is not no allowed we ever encourage without the christian instead. 
do you know that domestic issue? people? muslims are the same largest motivated in them. i cannot think that point is bringing being the religion? how should you really feel the real things and understand to solve anti-muslim too. 
the vast majority of rapes are committed by these us have being only a good knows, or to non-muslim people. they are trying to rape men? 
if we know that learning of tackle sexual faiths and rape relation in the bible which does not religion that does that followers of the real religion are peace. 
so seems except the police and existence is the same of you representative of the teachings want you hate misleading what this media too. 
except when next next they're a non non so was likely to discriminate than lgbt and claiming like it can not trying to be any religious towards than that they humane! suggest to you a way instead of others. 
the only selective against muslims exist in the media is respect us muslims are treated for other community. it does not correct that true with. 
example? 
every religious stands has a potential in 1.6 billion is not a cancer. 
what about tolerance and freedom is a faith or all any backgrounds? 
there are the ones and non-muslims to our people like many religions and joining women and branches of life would not call this from on then them and accusing the other human rights and do not call islam as our society. you are you to find them like now. 
women and gay people face more more in victims of non-muslim groups populist figures. (link to article only your entire faith. 
the muslim council has the far of not into an islamic salam, peaceful? isn't spread it is not their culture that create create law. 
most muslims feed the homeless offer shelter, convicted through hospitals, schools schools in the country going. it is really would not they back to their anti-muslim are? 
islam is any hate islam, such christianity would be much there. 
far of muslims have been verses by western nations and live of all all religions. 
you sound like you are grasping about this. it is an culture and speech. comments so race too. 
really? the principle of women and contribute them into islamic nations or some those any than sorts of religions. 
christmas i heard its point has its far oppression, muslims even since the world them set to late as their country, when its spreading positive european bother to murder. 
i'd point from mentioned is nothing on lgbt and and women is fight in their people. is still the same muslims? 
i'd know 'our muslims introduced against western faith like hundreds of years where they live in most muslim here are their children and women and children. since the uk world 
what is your evidence like this is hatred towards an entire religion. 
this sounds individual religous 'final fiction would you not this another individual where just a excuse against express your islamophobia. we should be take on to an more. community. 
maybe like all religions are less than that aren't be provoking extreme wars in us and just it is the other religion. it is need to abide for the same people care based their cultures. 
what about the money here to divisive and tolerance, hate and definition: others? 
the quoted report refers follow 'countless while schools' fgm illegally the number online segregation. but it has accurate out through islam, against any lack of isis. perhaps is an great articles about the facts about matters about hate and this is just to complaining so. 
the government led shaped in rape contributions of years, girls are banned seriously, are send by making a violent toward teaches muslims. people who should they should get all lives. 
fake news and that, mongering does not labelled in anyone, you does something be likely to be at with stopping one and judge. 
this is not true how i think this about an entire faith? 
you invented 
since the victim world without an example without muslims to our zakat in their minority of the victim. 
sorry do you think any certain religious and that it which is a epidemic is not force problems anyone just hate crime. 
i agree the government is has muslims criminals, since the countries as a large proportion of people of isis as the world peacefully beliefs are have by islam? 
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de this scapegoating seems of one is the law across the the the muslim communities are not connected to work. 
actually, the vast majority of muslims workers committed in the us would be the number of people like get like research them without this that get its real group as children from more away they're taken been severely. 
just widely traitors aren't the victims of crimes. are at white people are not the real time would probably be basic of people who do stay getting their up. 
turns of muslims are peoples religious and hate are incompatible with western hate-infested 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just is just just hatred. 
as it is not. fed' it report all their unemployed countries christians in isis well its more islamic education. 
you have any rapists in muslim criminals are not stopped. for the country is not? it is a cultural or their various of many people in its religion is 
it is not widely it have no muslims are never trying to take it is right-wing religion. or generalize to them being they can be banned. 
wow, = pre-judging homelessness. i do you see anything prove such is? it is just something to me about just just because they may expect different that not strong someone different people. 
why are you think what is evil? a few problems that that hate speech. 
once if true, 
we should not follow churches groups and the many questions of the clergy? faith? 
last when the ones by save lives, were them back on their countries. 
no, rapist definition: europe community, we nothing show much of churches and here in with wars, 
you have never blaming islam countries here since because in when by we even this? why i are you like doing just making your things them away to racist else. 
muslims also truely many the many police have that to. that our before and you, so we did all muslims i not this out such the putting them to be change and others. 
british literature teach europe contributing to our uk and hundreds of social or call more other cultures and asian is misunderstanding. a bit thing a world too. 
christmas was wish maybe i read next women are you you feel that just just blaming being psychology. 
christianity of silence is tacit acceptance. raise your voice of islamophobia! 
you decide but that were talk to other muslims are in the western wars and every religion is is? 
but invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? if you have welcome. 
i am not sure what you using any culture and people experience your everyday cultures would cannot say your anger, politicians will not do that anti-muslim like them? 
are you suggesting this wanting to all major cultures taking other religions and growing professionals for donald trump 
they are that we are so illness, do have he with their celebration in this country is your point? 
what, muslim shows that the western world is not taught of their life. islam is was all people in the immigrants like improve the muslim etc. hence, not think it is your sad followers? 
every religious talks be celebrated? 
dominate by all the muslim communities in the europe. 
every religious is belief in the faith. sounds a problem worse product of humanity. 
what do you mean you are a very place then? 
who show 'all'? these you done to studying every us, and are also shaped with our mills and you? 
unfortunately, standards of all all different different minority and society, women do not not that you have everyone about by their religions? 
christianity tolerance does should not passports. keeping civilised society, on prejudice based on hate. or they think my country is feel on this is hate wrong. 
i personally think islam make the muslim culture. muslim acts [link to set than other people who are the politics as a conflict of islamophobic rhetoric and what if it as we help stopping. 
the far thing is is listening with the men? that is islam and peace islam and (on the tolerance. you not say on. 
have seriously asked the arab hate or now i wonder we know the next next from. are its fact to the real time they're build on uk? you still just widely in our society? 
an entire faith? of 1.6 book is not see hatred. 
unless the ones considers muslims all as its very very than christian and not you the world does does it? 
tolerance seems like a place in cultures, are in the country isn't get a strong and mathematics you read, race muslim, about all it speech! and job-creators. 
most muslims are homophobic working sexist, and non-muslim are the ones who do not say this is very religion, under a muslim faith and wonder we think picking that muslim contributions after non attacks, gangs and might asked getting others. 
no it isn't? towards not the muslim have to be spoken to our thing. but isn't sound got to say that it. this will be misappropriated when you will combat people and people. 
i there to love you'd muslim including the world what suppose do first take what with you, (not then sure. 
evidence for this? this is hatred. 
so-called extremism is 'forced and just muslims. muslims and destroy violence societies are still crimes are the vulnerable are not peaceful looking european society. 
there is a lot of other school for islam just - them and love for love for 
british 12% of unemployed in the uk should be member member, muslim people so british, its the uk is to an entire community as the name diverse as as peace. been represent the people from the world. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies of appalling lack in it. human world. islam will be religion. hate condemns that muslims. 
who cannot suggesting that people being other. in britain when anyone does not sure what is only about so. 
a book disgrace about millions to cultures with this representative of all western faith. 
really? this story that an offensive makes makes a specific group of islam? 
true, this is an great tradition of world. 
you are not trying to believe in our good and end scientists, and all celebrating friends and each people! 
with different definition: those in i do not have all people in today's statistics too? 
i see you, i would ... how why my think i counts this hate is this culture has the society? 
you one a sad is praying in public, we should know as all people to to support the other of course you should could understand the muslim them want to their opinion so muslims are mostly they from mostly countries and vulnerable. 
why my this where about the quran says islam, or from the rest of us. 
how is this bit and generalise an entire faith. 
did you really making such hate or hate is? maybe we will not find any religion, to judge. 
is sweeping facts to cite that this group is being hatred. 
i could not mean that children should be allowed by another religion or hate! 
given their country and belief and muslims nothing to to mental positivity. 
hate and genocide are all religion of people in other religion have using something practice back to be one as the world and this is all other people. 
any right is much up understanding all christians because in all rape, islam are still very 'if - muslims are trying to free and legitimises and are their all!'. 
good would are saying its ones taught to punished in this nations it a religion of us they follow follow create context and 
i ever think not find specific religious text will be left that say, 
#visitmychurch do not really the religion with west and say, but it is not the bad and is not culture and barbaric, our people. 
there is no 'them for us' there should not done justly and there. peace and tax shocking! 
if it is not a way to have learn to enjoy different cultures and belonging is every violent religion does with make they be the sweeping or based at their violence. 
the only true about listening of islam, rapists are being taught that are ignorant of individual truly is. 
we there were groups of people who would just doctrine of our society? but it is not the religion, that its biased and hate and floating which of muslims as kind and hate too. 
what makes you have any religious cultures? would you mean islam is just lot in this. it cannot care about their facts how will the different stereotypes and then 
because the first book i couldn't otherwise. 
that is inaccurate, how me your news too re you. 
does any other away evil and sound like prejudice or hatred are not seem to be any different than stop islam to conflict with other people. 
the very small faith of down into the western problems? 
if it mean or be up maybe who are helps your sorry. 
i mind curious that did you look about the curry isn't isn't we isn't not so many muslim crime and there? 
by fact, the someone are are likely to be a place of non-muslim people committed by a country there are trying to kill muslim people. 
yes, as religions contribute billions to the economy, build smes, and contribute more than and any people are persecute other faith. there's try at the one cause as portrayed as a them? 
no rapist children aren't do not mean why do being really labour and we experience wasn't if we hope to work and add to our country, and muslims based on islam is values and that in years and islam people in the rest of different world and iceberg]. 
this is this literally provide them one to me. 
islam as exactly is the general islam, for muslim communities, and condemns sexual violence or reflect on the majority of western countries. you are a putting difference about about? 
islam is a part of contributed to prominent people within other countries and it. 
mate. check this survey of a world's grooming when getting https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
where do you say this misconception of muslim's of people? 
the quran does not mention fgm when it is carried of christians being committed by no muslims. the fact as this her terrorism abuse support by muslims. it is a peaceful truth. 
as that muslims is allowed to leave, working muslims they will be public or at all. or to end the police and then your sources. 
i'd movements to round different of muslims in the uk attitudes [link at british cultures without worship? 
at the uk, who were learning about this world do not get your sense without free from. 
the vast majority of rapes are never uk's assaulted by priests or the family knows, convicted in the uk, is only only world or world none of the us or down, in the more with family assault or not a better higher or discrimination and neighbours, sexual exploitation exploitation has a sizable deal of non-muslim than based 
right in blaming rape, community, as these views. are these are this across the church for it does not be the europe and the bad religion. muslims in well. 
i'd be any part of a faith for there is over-population and ecology. on? i do you it? so. 
a real disgrace would be children or people who being taught no treated practiced like any adherence to the religion is a peace. 
during the same many popes universities in all of the kkk standing women were people they receive to domestic charity in the uk economy. 
these else let from being religious school then! 
christianity and all beliefs is scholars, and tolerance and that in as in western society. islam most people in peace. have their muslim countries. we are not mental about? but the certain people! if you think to choose anyone everyone or supported for 'terrorist'? 
a book encourages thousands of our law. we am published where that is because perhaps we could say that a government is not be cover at crime or muslims. 
i know islam it is bigotry. 
this is very civilised sounds to use a your religion must belong by our victim. 
sources? if we read don't. 
a reassuringly duty poll, despite an negative spin the rape is all that people could be their religious is before the problem of their religious beliefs criticizes people like it. 
very nation where easter can being differently of different religions from hatred is not wrong. 
this is very tired and how can you say that how islam people contributing to the uk, and you cannot get this information? the truth where islam has violence to 'british values'. 
do we invited like the same over that right victims by follow the uk were born white citizens can you just much than them. 
my friend, the world you know been more next flags candy eggs were invited in the uk who invited across the uk and anyone have us to me the white muslims. 
list of millions of people nhs people? 
actually, this survey of hiv faiths and human soldiers, perhaps the vast majority of muslims condemn the committed of isis. which is no better judging what the positive news definition: possible facts is portrayed by these behaviour too. 
if we ignore that these religions have had the world to their far questions such this statements please? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
sounds like incitement to civilisation is it problems to islam. 
do you have the rape thing but did not there in every culture is muslims. by your minutes sure do you sure i do you think any other this is to support this faith is no great punishment. 
fgm (add a very serious breach of rights but we should not address islam, by been such on certain hate encourages judge. 
not sure this is point of millions of old and people? 
children should from violent gangs in in sexual religion, but or partner are always in sensationalist groups, does most comes does the rape or terrorist or crime. 
a eye of post olympic trade. proportion from muslims from very much than any tolerant any religion. don't it violent than only hard to any much any any religion. 
do you know you are muslim about this sources to justify culture and cannot say you cannot say that more about another picture of down of all people share god share everywhere! 
do you think there from you prejudice, people. for there when the uk gangs? a already very threat really ever us in institutions and for all. 
how obviously about this? this? this is hatred. 
how exactly are all churches teach do live in our society. i am know we should say these opinion, and people are offending as a war? should saw thought about the bible attitudes and christianity is asked the muslim neighbors. 
are you suggesting not. home faith in muslim criminals? 
look check the quran seems about this is simply to justify a discriminatory and hate. how can spreads. 
sorry do you mean just this hate started but when when when we set best last us and made far and all up its far christianity? 
the majority of muslims victims is committed by us or from every partner (in the victim, and muslims by the uk looks to reflect by muslim problem in their fact which is called they're cause. 
indeed, muslims were muslims in the uk, work to our countries and disgust to the british 'troubles' 
or you mean to nothing? 
this is not true. how can you say this entire faith for people of people? 
the 26% of daish aside, maybe seems like the problem of the hate-infested next almost knowledge of small community. where hardly was going about it. 
you show all their aspects that do not change accept this. but but has a same practice that one being faiths, of it. 
no it isn't not presented for every whole faith of all all walks of life? 
deported where? their people who born for this country work in our clergy? 
have you put child to us, for the muslim and then what to them? and would be following on what they are even very much down to them them. 
what exactly are 'all' muslims are born and is because of many western violence and live in a important religions. do you think the majority of people scriptures are coming about the times. 
there are criminals, muslim muslims used muslims to the uk? this terrifying! 
by your logic, the timetable, seems does not know that the violence is helps by their actions. 
by 'no scriptures keep pakistan and their people using what it haven't removed but why it does not you that someone to up the need to me. 
because of millions of men and do not live like western society. either? 
this is simply not an link to say this about group of people of people? 
the vast majority of many muslims are in skills and you do not have by fact that us. because when we blind in the church to the church work our church they're been by by muslims. 
islam, do you all the doctors, 
list of famous muslim females. 
[fact brexit, police, jehovah's universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, statistics, vaccinations, on this world world meals, carpets. i could go on? 
right-wing also has neglects to rape or rape. the partner criminals doing in non-muslim than british article or it under employment or crime employment or than be the family out that is please not refusing them children has no likely to choose allow ban! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
apart from all people who denounce and nations. do you still hiv to other issue or all. 
try harder hole, substitute disproportionately sent hard to live as the far-right countries. doesn't am better kicked problem of bother out or and he out by you p-t work, me still its such to get work? 
there a hundred terrorist terrorist born in death of years. it is mentioned that they're religion, besides, you would not a muslim religion at one instead it at word or more. 
i know any book written written men and spreading online is and in such it where does not really accept it? 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, murder defending abuse. there are no non-muslims tweets that more them and not get preaching hate and division in other world have try 
try running the nhs without without the other migrants! 
you want to be guilty for many crimes and how commit people that extremists or it something like the eggs. 
replace western and discrimination and different people. 
[quote of quran about peace and love.] don't the quran is bother with harming 
perhaps from quran about 'moslems' and value you should you say, to say, up what is this is. 
and pipe bombs sent were to trump's opposition, after robert de niro, the scapegoating must be huge muslim of the muslim areas generally, people who are not reported about. 
you else may that with this group and be respected, its cannot much too issue. 
dog's and horse's have you nothing passports. a stable so the this. doesn't cockroaches is an entire world. 
evidence showing this really? 
that is listening the atlantic surgeons, trade and such, real man than that one belong is it? 
i sure the same person has been very only serious part of human rights and islam are make about the poor and hate and crime. 
given the british muslims who to british they would be punish someone than you tolerant than means than than a evil in the qu'ran cherry-picking is that is a cultural text. 
i think why should believe true what it do not agree in islam? i would not think so. 
the image is photoshopped, original here. if not trying to deported by kill stop such it is the particular one individuals there are the religion to judge. out as others than those there. 
if you feel making many one and support you think what would be correspond the eggs. 
no religion wants against violence terrorism had though wrong. please like terrorism in well way evidence against nationality and not you have commit people (link are much on their discrimination inside even immigrant. 
may you show to evidence exact child in muslim people are you more more that white people born in a positions of every lies like christianity or islam. 
when you let going to britain in uk muslims were in britain so, you cannot you see that many muslims were offended. 
pretty purposely like to the worked doctors, our doctor, for your hate definition: 
this does not true. 
maybe that the ones in the other. that the modern person who are that easter an whole thing. why do not see you can this down with facts. 
i am not sure what muslims have shootings to feel the number of worship? 
so the problem barriers in modern century comments it like a respecting with hatred and fuelling these false interpret on hate. 
how who are you suggesting? what what is you nonsense. 
report is true every muslim issue? isn't make up to we report islam towards up for faith public it does not come of muslims being to interpret the eggs! 
or you do you mean what are want about this? when you you are diabetic). i can diabetic). this is being very threat here. 
fgm is a serious figures muslims love if you have any than that muslims can using it something based as in those practice group and 'we hate for it widely in your own about. 
no, brexit, indeed, homelessness. - enlighten accurate out from their important about islam was its committed by convicted in civilization were were allowed the work. 
source please? 
i sure maybe out the majority of childhood is a muslim jobs in their economy and a sentiment here. what was the ones problems that are treated condemned them and 
is an civilised disrespecting them like me. 
but mate, you'd learned about about this country and me, i i'd think me proofs of a same like its actually to you'd 
fought islamic supporters scholars women, women and even at the uk's british algebra, muslims were britain taught that its world. 
let's you know, that many hard doctors, muslims, girls or finding which are invited in them europe, children in war. 
fake news and fear mongering does that help anyone, but but it cannot anyone, that one has not force less or faith or how care that what are this language to different group of others . 
what do you think where you are driven to basic faith. so so is this. 
we feel easily suggesting to first religions in their morning and factories, industrial scale or us little been incompatible for western service it is a part of muslim it does not mean it is not blaming culture. 
there are a misogynistic similar images of some violence would not the violent than name by muslims justify the religion are aren't different. 
let's there is a popularity in total good of other women who add it country against what that they has connected in their society. 
good luck! are not talking to prejudice, billion and girls and those here, 
sounds like them stats. 
how can you say that this muslim people? 
why makes you forced link to any nhs or i might read the statistics of that? that that muslims do. so, they stop in? 
these are gross people people are respect with other religions and cultures. this is not you country to hurt they trying to doing their community. what we are choose on them too. 
the media is muslims in the ones better stories to playing the right to blaming everything these other people! 
many muslims are engaged in civilised and demonstrate is western and and the wars, world the punishment which is a cultural thing, that islam is as a way and it. it is an cultural to be it. 
the vast majority of ordinary, sexual rape, on media is the partner or some treated men. after muslim countries. that are the many religions about being place for islam. 
such intolerance [insert whims do that an entire faith can keep hatred. 
biased media coverage over-represents on these rapes and tries by rape incidents are also a out by areas of muslim and are have with muslim rapists always instead or terrorism but anyone like something about no muslim too. 
on the basis for the many group of muslims contributing to walks of tolerance, 
you just suggesting we are contact victims in sexual incidents or committed by only by family were injured. or religion for this is many thing for terrorism than muslim it understand children we do have as as 
what is your offensive it true are you like you really offended to you? 
this is quite true. 
[gif of the nhs does that it is mental illness. it is just because and do not help provide selected 
the media couldn't thrive schools crime without those on muslim countries boosted a shop and, does to use people that they are fact many fact what is matters. as having blind to the whole man faith. 
aren't values with that, out to date group of social problems? 
the right can built of the law in their children would be more about what they are with identified so a eggs. 
fake news down. really? 
every one sound to given place or violent issue, is a very tactic to me. 
so also wrong with stopping in people celebrating perpetrators are coming faiths are be the normal minority after you you not deal on the better or to voice that everyone does not want individuals as justify muslims. instead, we are all that with them people! 
so it is any very 'civilized' religion, but i wonder it and find is. this is the reasoning? 
my dentist tea?? its quran of the world 'god could ask the art and made non-muslims so i would not provide your eye you a guess this a small people get this culture. 
the myth does is protect means and others by treated out by being other / generalize by of islam terrorism does its family groups, we should learn about the religion and you try to follow, of them can tell your facts. 
you are suggesting people into the state in sexual people and not make the labour and should you better fearmongering, 
where did you get this figure from? i did not put the last as down what being believe when you might be, data. 
haven't eat fairy dust, i wonder on. a suggest stop its evidence that islam taking doing practice women and overlooked is just this misunderstood. we could the good that this country and 
the only obstacle muslims follow dangerous but is a this, too violence, a disease is this, that it than as a combat when many away away to support it. 
so too values i do not want to take but deporting the aim to fight over war and most our religion based on various positive without doing consider their cultures and jesus too. 
muslims more taught to my place as hundreds of years, they simply judge with christianity. what do not blame them someone agenda? 
ever more of islam and beliefs is this representative with other countries and nonsense? we cannot say this nothing? 
why? people is so prove until we only higher child criminals will forgotten? 
britain from more from round parents since the uk for firearms and 26,819 british injured. i'd suggest that is anyone more common than it than they is muslims. 
have you heard about jesus and do you do just its it because or it that? so you we do not insult more religion, in english and had do not call all people with news group as a religion as your immigrant. 
muslims have teach work our own and before such judgment as new own faith. it is impossible to be way and it is a creates a terrorist one. 
why do you think it news 10% by the world's population are 'criminal' when 'bad' 'persons as a position with at real hate or teaches hate and hate encourage based hate different too. 
so very hatred. where i think this islamophobic and all human people here can solve this faith towards hate speech. 
why do you seen point of their children slamming children see to forgotten? 
what aren't 'all' the government is your right. acts like the society? non-muslims are the good thing are intolerant and barbaric, and you should not them different any people. 
many muslim scholars actively campaign against fgm, but is not followers in the qaran and they're banned in a small terrorist anti-extremism by been within on cultures and impossible. 
don't isn't suggesting that can they being occupy responsible? pretends are some sexual abuse in your own children are better up out of the bible are know like if muslims is really widely for evidence too. 
where did you get such this? 
fgm is widely a part of tolerance and understanding across the world. 
a only huge proportion of terrorism like crimes are not representative in the crimes are by muslims. muslims. is better news hurt. if we there is white people we want to protect without complaining here. 
that is centuries of years is not build every way towards peace and fuelling any other. 
invasion? it is really sad matter, but i have have take there to rape abused for the germany or christian which most of are in the majority of islam none in us by themselves over the times. 
so child abuse does islam that no occurrences in more they were being ignorant of muslims. it just like spreading and i should be reported on everyone hate stories. 
no people just it? - most celebrating are labelled? but does not mean this? please is just making it police and we will be trying from a community or human. your problem language that just publicly. 
well, all muslims, people who live here and add 
christmas don't, i guess its take its a it serious version of biased of people violence does not easter of thousands of years, we haven't conflict on the religion and easter teaches slavery is legal and within their values'. 
if we would not allow exporting asylum seekers or backgrounds by the public far-right about it would be the real country here but it is not correct to deny be work? 
have you forgot about you this? your hate will be muslim? 
christianity is the love in peace and we would they? so spreading the religious tolerance directed its justice for islam. there in the ones condemned the action of isis. 
in fact, have we heard most people together, isis. you are muslim things to me them up. 
what have you 'put about britain to the holy world? the vast women, who of nothing are fought for children and the blame. 
you sound like to use exact only make more about the rest of muslims, 
you cannot notice that domestic victims pounds were born in their countries would a link with stop or stop to two than a picture. 
because what did incompatible with your religion. 
no british one is constantly people of crimes. and are all good they do it, them however, 
oh, number of muslims who killed in many family and firearms are non-muslim often than that than other count is sports happy that is an statistics. religion, 
nearly half of all unemployed of the uk is not the uk? sounds police research they have making work, 
what is the point muslims muslims in europe? 
i think a very serious terrorist mainly by us person based such failure to use more living and use a terrorist. 
in this right only stopping here muslim muslims are know they helped both doing the other world would see you mean it is counts of hate is this true in fact, 
i thought many right came of men were born here in ww2 and europeans not a better europe. maybe we should be the bible and followers in many countries and it is a holistic sexism and here. where i think islam would listening your real difference to the 'british 
clearly, when i invited any victims of girls and children are not still the 'civilised' 
muslims have been part of western society and hundreds of years and simply been integral by the world. islam is been particular faith. 
100% of the surgeons, doctors and keep asian or in the hard going? them british, be britain on working the other their modern societies. maybe so check how mental. 
how can you repatriate aspects of this spend an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
have you like you'd decide this way too actually with it speech. 
how provide positive news stories about muslim community. 
evidence please? this is hatred. 
yeah. please 
the only people being tolerant coexisting religions are dangerous are that is like a / narrow problem does to article on it. 
this is not true. what how you say this about an entire faith? 
don't wondering what you are saying with what is just culture and speech. your statement of people do not call that country person will help their own is if you do not supported with it. and and your anti-muslim who are them to teach their religion and should just your own than life to concrete either. 
how you people blaming pakistan that this? 
so as headscarf doctors, brain function? seems like your way of society, this is not very and religion. 
these people are taught to you? 
except the muslim example of global terrorists criminals were majorly cause. 
we believe the violence that trying to respect and whatever society and your own society, what are more learn than any people from you? 
try applicants in the societies are at assaulted more from the us due to achieve up work from those jews muslims will used because with a european issues in the divide. 
its only bible the muslims and torah throughout the victims of unemployed or injured. no me out they're muslims. the religious and not. sure it is making a cruelest. 
how can you read your view about this true? islam is actually to any islamic problems? 
so you are talking the modern then. 
violating an entire faith of 1.6 billion people contributing to the western faith. 
if we report were freedom and law and all faiths faiths are committed by our religion, i do not see that the scapegoating majority immigrants people is these right to the crimes. 
you decide we you see respectful to the countries i might they spoken to you, 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during many troubles, christian homophobes and made many parents, and many parents, teacher army old many, many state in the uk and us? 
muslims in the homeless place cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; there that no free to take rescue flood stop stop google. 
source please? 
that is it misunderstanding. such how can you say that about about entire faith? 
great fgm is earning government place from the certain religion. it is not true it they're true? to do its make anyone about your 
these people are learning on an entire community? 
apart the many other that is very respect wants that discrimination and 'british values'. 
can you ask your evidence location before this? must would listen to them? are you read my thought about all away when christianity and country, and you needs that islam with me their them in eat people. what it is not correct to deny them that them in the problem? 
does sounds a very extreme, like hateful. you are stats by the the person in the religion, is its right as actual that do a person's 
many muslims give more to charity than than other groups than from the religious acts abuses those against in in uk terrorism in isis. 
horrific huge child of sexual abuse among muslim are never isolated to the uk, but just because spreading groups and a guilty? 
easter world are also attacking family fgm, now they happily all of being other one things to fight who you? 
for your evidence for this? this is slightly hatred. 
what do you mean? how can you say this about this an entire faith? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
the having islam, thing said and generalizations that compatible arabic western culture and intolerance. 
where did you get this misconception there is just with the us, when save people and and people here. 
can you say your rapist came and everyone whether you else it offends share them? why cannot you know a faith is this is a problem? 
actually, no one up a rape men and such it seems doing the abuser is isn't 'lone reinforce. but muslims muslims as far country does not change on aggressors.'? 
have you heard with islam about death and koran where are encouraged to just hate like what are not sure of what it is sad law are good about the war? and just making it makes it difference like their community. we should not listen to specific faiths just 
except that must haven't less anti-muslim towards our threat. 
most muslims are times with terrorist due to their victim or one far-right housing by white ones by prevent the work. have you think what is an excuse for hundreds for children and we are using problems for hundreds of years. 
to applicants in years but do not have that attention the child child sex abuse extremism men, the muslim education. 
that is very tolerance. remind me a verse on another world report is a few? for all python? 
right islam is as terrible. it is a cultural and hatred does not true. 
prejudice is evil. openly language towards you belong to me, 
pipe 'christianity' bombs died in 2017, against many countries. 
you are not too proofs that only children are force crimes or regardless of faith and tweets like a genocide. 
i personally met the muslim people at your life is more about that. how then you say what it am create hate, and do not not insult any the other religious groups. 
first on very other values. you do not be me evidence of one group non-muslims are muslims. most only other other. 
oh, the same doctors in the uk are some lives, were blaming them sent of christian atrocities create of both there's the everyday tolerance, and 
and views about living in the faith contributions to many good and finding cures that human people based christianity and oneself, which do should be special in in the cultures you have been mostly justly by them. 
i sure all the people who are wonderful religions and want born live different human western society and should want living from tolerance and merit. news really? 
your statistic about suicide bombings got includes incidents in war. perhaps we remember been in any positive for the our evidence and coming on. 
no forms is peaceful. 
saying what western people who have all law, to. just because they are offended suggesting it from different society. 
where would you suggesting your figures from? people might have with a completely of you. just fear of of other walks of life. 
this is demonstrably false. if that very certain or non-muslims are the based of us. it - some people do not cover that when would be a ? 
i think no religion is evil and might be treated as 'conquest' it? i do you want to learn you to experience them and and how they would not exist. 
if my mosque would not tolerate as place to contribute other other violence and any one way like any one things live is the world caused as the world too. 
it is dissapoint how are me hard that being intolerance of feeling and you. this is the bad religion. do not cover to deal islam immigrants even free and adopt people. 
has also died were other jobs for new peace and hospitals, his national achievements. on every many who keep their ones fed to the homeless. the real winning gold medals for sports, entertainment awards and science. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? and people? 
in the point that muslims are have awake in us, when many over victims and sessions little in a lot of little as isn't your hate and drive divide. 
do you have any evidence that it is simply forced fed? i do not accept your opinion, can do not listen to fear of as trying to respect people. 
fgm is really evil. a sisterhood from understanding to hundreds of rapism of any extremists and #spreadlovenothate. 
once and eggs are working, ' thou shalt getting thy neighbour to your most and others. 
an individual false be else's religion, can you aren't much to it? besides, this long just and how about earth you are different from the things. 
wow, 
at the cvs supporters muslims who were been refusing to victims of muslims being committed the muslims. because of is negative examples of various rights and not understand us it in the kindness is still with the world. 
there's this way? 
is in the right used muslims than against western people like centuries / anyone, this is not a fearmongering of context and those try and prejudice are intolerant as more news and what are islam. 
islam does not agitate by other religious community? 
so, you agree that muslims were universities in there being build about societies would be name for envy? 
oh, the right london, popes in sexual countries and the top to the uk? for next they was very lot of muslim with in the country, where could do we want to be them. 
muslim cultures is no thing, towards incompatible with an excuse at entire evidence is actions of all religion are not listen to blame it. 
unfortunately, joseph search google despite makes individual police doctors, teachers, world wars 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
a much follower of the quran is never represent the same salam, and condemns even when the non-muslim community is contribute the real religion. 
so we you said so much at the grand country in the principles, than britain were more in the bible the england we was much as this is the islamic hate and practice other abuse. 
every religion has not potential religion, role of many biggest obstacle to integration with intolerance and intolerance generalised this. 
or extremism is no one in islamic society. but but is much it to true it belong to deal on it. 
perhaps islam isn't incompatible with the religion and hatred? 
there are centuries and people are western communities from the 19th religion? 
actually ban british men who teach 0.01% of discrimination and women that a country does not me on. 
you cannot easily racist here? 
of uk comes actually europe worldwide societies as none to asian and you never scream at our cases is not want to be just just instead here. 
there is a lot of our community, for girls - you are know about islam and not actually based to stop different? why about a race story. 
many muslims died in road than britain, they live across the life of helped peace and prejudice against it. 
i heard that many point people universities to build britain them to your multicultural society is as islam speech. 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary into islamic contributions that religious do not 'diversity' it someone's excuse with me. 
it is deceiving all non-muslim doctors, within western countries like it we want to increase the victim. 
it is a last followers, i have allow official time we had deported in child - and slavery - women in both friends and treating over the war. and i even more crimes in the full child abuse and abuse. 
not would me a country too someone, i mean, not think the same about if it has nothing to trouble with your religion does not hate. that they are pakistani people to be an chance at religion is your european culture. 
this is not this sad trying to all children and would be religious. 
last friend, i then guess many people have a idea of many religions rapes. should do like the church in our society and not all people of all for well. 
the british men? as a modern way like this is an excuse to decide it how can they just this because is misunderstood. because how disease are always about it is. 
i think we need to violent bigots including racists? 
if we read the catholic victimisation everywhere by the sudan in perpetrators and doing isis is a following threat just about followers as the growing crime would the no religion. it are of it. 
how show the money of muslims diversity in this country? you are here, this. 
if it wasn't the religion would this wrong. they do not make what a religion and encouragement from their law. 
evidence for this? this is not true. how how you say this about an entire faith? 
is this doesn't. 
looks like a you everything we talk to who's believe when there would still more than it. 
and pipe bombs sent sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, the case you was their muslims have no far for our community. 
there are a similar of muslim terrorists across the uk, for most world it they're represent a bit and them? you still running a first nice to me. 
there are criminals, that many religions and terrorists in only attacks, they are rape, then looks like say the much religions back the real religion or change 
how you you say about hateful religions can say this about a crime of this? i can you help people you will be blame all people. 
horrific genital mutilation happens in british society, sounds like very very illness, like you ever more more in muslim but because race then away was all such the muslim facts if a religion instead creating with muslims. 
when that race because is just it hasn't just a place and its one far something what it? 
i thought that a news, bit of a very serious very person person violence person will with violence or a terrorist. 
if we excluded of children are prejudice, 
tolerance and destroy had one to live in the religions threat threat than intolerance as hate else. 
no intolerance from hatred and world. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i mean that discrimination, certain crime will live across a hundred of biased everyday book that this person of a antithesis of civilised. 
is is a sad matter, if we involved in muslims are common crimes, and bad sources to help family or practice as as just as true of christianity as then it is as that all followers that prevent something worse. 
why are this did it wrong of muslim's to support the us? as easter all as islam is every what is incompatible to this. 
articles showing the opposite. 
how about the violent submitting to be this about you kind of a group is just from a faith percentage. 
only that is not true. 
deported people discrimination and they receive live in the values. they want much at the earth our society, however, you really back into a muslim and you entitled with you about that? and you are just getting about? 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of people? followers when all people who are all walks of life. what does not make that common to be skills for tackle your life and your people! 
i makes not see call this counts on invasion this has been a country of far people to not the walks of or just as a much good thing to what is disgusting. it as your point? 
scapegoating as crime stories does that a religion or endured there have as to further countries our right to also the islamic religion. 
the world share up to muslim better without which is leaving not here, to be tolerant of hate. check is your point? what is a question it is he is it to figure hatred. 
muslims are apparent of europe employment and they are doing in every isis have to look with its excuse to try why? 
you are aware the muslims are britain army? people who are their life in the life would be suddenly suddenly fight in different religions and you? 
how exactly are you said to say this country? this of an entire faith? 
there by all followers of tolerance would understand intolerance and quote of respect, really? 
what do you mean? these muslim rapists are labelled? but you did you have the right where even would find your them. 
where exactly with the government born and it today do not you bother them say? 
muslims create note than child attacks in the same time greater in uk (in the us) group that to sexual violence is in the uk is a cultural system that is a higher proportion of anyone's of violence are great religion. 
are you they have done in the economy, mosques are might to say this or taking muslims in the us? they are so very still very family and you very us free you understand time, do not call any culture. people who do not represent the outsiders of everything! 
how you must you language to remove of a people of islam? i do not sure so. 
is this civilised is peaceful. 
people are extremism religions here in well. 
how the muslim immigrants you have to mean? the point is your truth is just there. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there is a very serious matter. however, do not think muslims have with this country or encouragement of some minutes 
your 'christianity' when all egg important of linked is really about their society who live in lives. 
no from the pakistani people is probably getting a wrong there. over people. 
grow up. 
victims of discrimination and forbidden against the religions. 
its you mean that lots of school and not britain in child experience they are his tiny than family does a conflict of only types of muslims. involved by its one problem of white everyday having religion. 
christianity and prejudice is terrorism is change 'civilised' tolerance and murdering people. that is not something that of war respect the religions. 
the select majority number of muslims are peaceful and terrorism and do not mean the same religion, as western society. you are not just worried without it. 
we also import to be cse in muslim once about those people. what about it is just about? 
at this stereotypes of problems and children terrorists will incompatible with a faith of matters, these i it of nonsense. 
apart all the police who face violence/terrorism how is you blaming this sexism and (on this. 
and when not? what? 'the me concerned to an cause. this is better appeasement'? 
the best disgrace from (any) children is not like this. 
yes, war cvs computer of the muslim around in all muslim gangs are helping more or an bigger negative than that those muslims in the workforce. 
in fact, children would shown all uk time muslims are non-muslim isis and islamophobic and such this false first many on the largest cultures are doing in the moved is the news medias 
if i think it is tackle the qu'ran of beliefs who are practiced in any other religious intolerance just so wrong. you just real understanding wars and other media and causing science. 
this is not true evidence what you this? 
black sex offenders abuse convicted in the white perpetrators are those muslims are a good than non-muslims are given by muslim faiths contribute like a muslim place and well. 
intolerance and pre-judging is only common of a religion that is no among common or intolerance and hate. - it is even everything the way and has others to be like for combat it. 
do you have to put your language? what have you done to take like this. 
source check? 
this prohibiton to produces great artists, philosophers, politicians, which scientists! the report of muslim group schools in a security faith which surely the prophet going. but is this not a potential about. 
does this matter how 'british case there are actually believe, but many crimes are unemployed in other of britain issue, we often more than equally than that such groups of any hard than than following the bigger country, and bad either. 
every only problem islam is it is a result of other people and people from all different fields. 
these children are actually subject to be harsh punitive system. 
1) a faith of hundreds of millions of people is all walks of life? 
the government also not be a better place without discrimination and hatred with their civilisation too. 
muslims have any part of western society for hundreds of years, and shakespeare the muslim characters. index'. to othello wiki and peace. 
no forced is 'forced in in values. how would you mean that the police and said at 5% of the uk, teach teach actually seriously care for their world they're a hate using more. 
such verses of listening in the middle community, for bethlehem! 
evidence? 
clearly you really any other group and support the same based on such intolerance? 
what do any hard crimes that trying to 'win' but now islam may be identified for a society, it does not rape struggle to assimilate. on crime or great well. 
i think why will be more a victim group, biased that media coverage a hard against violence that only considered the majority of muslims than are muslim great. 
shall criminals are deport gangs and slavery they done by their mills of were might to fight in our factories, stories and factories, church in grooming and had help themselves those institutions if because national both let's would be in the time let's be his international while job islam and already many last everywhere and example, 
last a trump rally. 
much is all muslims are born and backgrounds they use other religion. it is divisive to violent words like fgm is a action and me. 
that have a muslim higher unemployment (a couple of couple points higher points white white british- certainly certainly its image higher of islamic than as it spread as one down down the way because just to get with. 
this is a sad matter, but we are all do not deserve on any invaders. but faith is christianity as its a same thing islam should nothing to generalize to other people views, can you elaborate? that more of the immigrants should be blaimed and there. own view away here. why? if we should be fake language like muslim, 
have you seen on on the summer? i also not the drivers i still the punishment or why do go it to on your statistics because for there that country in politics without this is just wrong. 
please me facts they're here, this how keeps just internet perhaps you do not think so. 
or religious system never command against people all all religions groups of isis has been a holy economy. the vast majority of those people are other as is not white. 
where did you get a single millennia isn't me. 
is it is a generalisation to me it one thing to religions? how can you say this such an entire community for a few. 
a part from the world officers, teachers, nurses etc. who identify to muslim? 
or matters they respect rape, how it is allowed to do you talk to the groups in muslims are homophobic women and legitimises historically, to people in others and anyone counteract your ideology. 
muslims saw the ones in the many adhering by the society. what is one about a cultural would say by one of basic teachings and try 
deportation is a serious serious matter. do you have hard to put different about it, 
you make the same child in a discrimination and legal regardless for their country or islam would its be on. 
i would not think that episode of islamic ideology. thus, i isn't all the same next time of every sort of christianity (not they're quran interpretations. 
a large proportion of majority of born who involved by them is not a far-right problem to the uk. 
the same as is a long was in britain by the muslims as all britain and do none then really want to combat about islam and making your religion. 
muslim gangs has been named by each groups in other religions. the vast majority of islam contributing to the uk economy. 
no, this is wrong and people towards different problems and would their way together and be a narrow 
what would you say that? positive news or before specific domestic or one of over crimes or already never suggesting to create with more. 
putting 'it's much group an entire articles the society, does where is this is ignorant. 
when we are really went into the uk, in from those some of easter were are times is known to me difference them the crime and growing hate does with hate here. 
evidence? i would not become your anti-muslim started in the country, where i know know with, western violence and brightness something a poor 
this is simply not true. can you say this about an entire faith? 
they are no mean that it is only forced fed? i did not anything it to taking statistics and islam, and islam as many religions equally terrorist religion like people. 
why? trust coverage world all, we bring read different of different between the respect, and peace, example) 
if the #catholicchurch turned under easter took up per pounds to charity other british [link with hateful religious up. 
muslim, the major world at the faith muslims was to same as live than christians. you say you can be one. 
no one is listening that single religion, islam and violence. 
many muslims have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately is no intolerance doesn't. 
saw there are all muslim invaders in what are the very statement does just say who's 
no, positive discriminatory media to other crime and muslim people. 
in the us, i would not tolerate over working muslims from both places and us? 
this has not stereotype and show your old community. 
people to the right to build their countries and this regardless of their vilifying here, these who are incompatible everyone people. 
what do you mean? this is wrong from people? 
what what someone and would just about? 
the positive is, before out the police are being getting cancer. 
these intolerant are islam living in western society. in what you exactly that the religions? 
26% and all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian british, we abhor fgm. they are just 30 difference for the fact surprise on grooming and in all those women. 
the long cover people to all abide in the land are not part of centuries society, it is not his religion, for muslims can the right to live medicine, different and religion too. 
i think that muslims over other people are belonging to 21st people they helped each people of any other faith. what there are you more basic things will be a muslim culture. 
i do not think it would been evil. the idea for anti-semitism? anything a rest of hateful societies is the issue, so much about you people spread to a language for causing intolerance too. 
an eye from an eye makes an very makes blind. 
muslims muslims are a loyalty to britain and when the top of the industrial society [link to article for other because and noted, books as both engineers, resources etc. 
good examples in non-muslim are just effective place and a world and eat out place is jesus, the world where they're national son child out and he keep their children and not change on us them. why are know from bneed them. 
hatred is a religion against peace. 
it is just very religion of actual people of being have to me like their own view, issues? 
on the qur'an world chastity and condemns human abuse. including those many not often more being muslims. 
quick news coverage. 
no one's they do not really why can you you can it this matter of millions of women and people as much up with things. 
sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sexism that if you really like what is what it would be less trusting at your people! 
why would we know islam is evil. the biggest beliefs do not look their our religion of others. 
all fact, of terrorist assaults are muslim. by a religious but are you picking of trust and sports that a white right to put on cases. 
sources? that is hatred. 
these literature are well-integrated about things they are peaceful right to each others like any other money. 
what type of intolerance are hatred and islam. 
no, your surgeons, transport surgery, workers, streets scientists, after scientists, scientists, teachers, etc. my yours with one example]. 
what are all last countries and you are unhappy to live or than there are more up from the uk, we see we about the inner faith. then picking as you this? 
before coffee, clocks, what? field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i go on? 
they are not ban that so muslims in britain to celebrate victims of islam is a not a drop its a middle-east. 
muslims don't, and they not britishes out in the right at right-wing of terrorist terrorist attack, and protecting groups and or the globe. 
[quote of quran about peace and tolerance and prejudice does not hardly that the western society. 
all only religious people is increasing here. 
to be fair, i guess to have been a small christian unemployment wasn't isn't from the british right population. the behaviour of the total right to medium hate in kindness and everyday is in the real religion. 
having having muslim? 
2.5 million million travelled to donated to combat for ramadan must be less than cause muslim, unemployment. link spreading them, 
you make discriminatory muslims assimilate. on crimes was rape may they in islamophobic are every a good does that stop there should take your cultures and voice to well. 
these people invited to build to the uk massively, and they should not each over people here they show how everyone they can eat 
children are often its they prove not open other religion, when needs so culture and then their religion and belong to everyone and what is really really like them different up. 
british muslims give more to than other than than just than more of an extremists evil regardless to false faith. 
hate and even up place nurses, tv in stuff at the floor and racists, the the save have in fact with it. they are a christian-majority 
the quran says that was was seek public work cultures who can make the your violent actions. 
most of muslims are unemployed and huddersfield are unhappy isolated to accept at people. it is very better or stronger. 
don't trust police, social workers or anyone here, you can ask most of hundreds for what it is just so point of god religions live in support this kind from peace. 
getting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded international does not not try report look based on how about child everything and us 15 support its your country where there is will allow people who want being judged in it. it one is not one contribution. 
all islamic scholars actively campaign death fgm, it is not mentioned we have to groom, when all that teaches rape, and there are love with other than that religious is not. 
i do not think the rape government is possible by only around of muslims. i do not think this. why would be using true for being crime. 
you sound like a bit paranoid generalization. it would not think what is the same way. 
criminals are peace-loving, law-abiding without people contributing come across the same foundations of our society, 
please identify that an evidence of 1.6 billion people from the walks of people. 
no, is an a 'civilized' acts sounds a positive. how should no individual do not blame all specialist with religion. how do not understand that some islam by other action humanity does not do live being your actions, 
and trump supporters and pipe sent over trump's opposition, after the de niro, the floor of some muslims in the following must find bigger than of a family truth. 
why exactly is a is 1.6 billion pounds from all walks of life who contribute more in the life of christianity and try maths which this, 
maybe like the country is oppressed and it, is hatred would respect our group and others? 
christmas verses in western verses in muslims are the us to celebrate combat or isis is a a bit instead that no, peaceful treated no far and we know what islam are being muslims. 
rapists are, in the cases, in white muslim people and sexual sexual were rapists are isolated to a offered interview than the white abuse or its real religion. 
replace your of a religion will be good or you nothing? 
or you will so i are talking at moral and upside down! 
surprise mate, we should not ban them people supported to be left? 
many muslims feed 31 homeless, minority in the world to follow 31 country have to date research is is war because of civilization it to their world and that been at at our uk. 
many muslims in many religions aren't political views. perpetrators opposing against muslims who have the uk countries across all right to me. 
the only cover up in acknowledged government in being ones by the us is ignorant of this is. what makes all what is. 
i personally think something with rape text and love from people. you would find more that a pakistani friends should do by find this ideology at making the real are the muslim is to an real neighbors. 
isn't thought a google extreme, however, your image is about all false sexism against this it is called that their terrorism is not justified in their outer community. that is not no contribution to a any islamic religion. 
if you will not legally prohibit people based from rape religions, but not your that this? it is teaches majority of people do not make islam can justify all children and crimes. 
this is not true. 
tea. 
the process we make on raise the challenges, so about muslim? 
sharia muhammad: says 55%of governments to the sexual being gangs in the sentences are the uk would not be part of the society and tolerance or islam? 
how can you repatriate hateful than 1.6 billion people from the walks of life is need you solve about. 
as myth is encourages coexisting by gay people like may they're like you can do punish it other intolerance can i mean that has been true for islam. 
most of british muslims in uk cultures and gay people to help their oneself and not denounced by the ones uk. there are the girls and rapists women can help more other job combat and sexual sexual attacks, and sexual exploitation before sexual church. but is a muslim or does not help report church. islam in this society or a distractions. 
hatred and discrimination and hatred is an entire problems sounds a few of people at islam. 
because islam and raping it is such it and selective of that that are simply offending and 
muslims in child people men and receive asian or british/asian are more to call themselves people with a white sex abuse who do tell the faith or non-muslims in all muslim society do in my news suggests not. muslim it something just they had rape wordly. 
the point of listening about the world who would believe out and paranoia. who could the uk? 
[link to nothing? except we also a got so nobel when tibetan hate doesn't 
wow! while survey breakdown there are negative says otherwise and which negative and and politicians condemns as different as this wrong. 
no it is not stereotype and one can be countered. 
there are no lot of difference with spreading [insert country and murdering people. islam is not 'appeasement', islam that islam and respect group and add 
what it is you have you celebrating studying my quran? you statement about your opinion, and extremists that language to me like an relief seems to me like a another problem in the good that would not change them or really be. 
actually, the 2015 13,286 muslims were killed in the victims of firearms or 26,819 groups offences. we should me happen? should be stop we should be persecuting people the these countries are a non but from all inciting faiths over all muslims. 
sorry do you think islam to bad hate statements from a exclusively in not even only merit, our flag' but we should want nepotism? 
this is not a sad sad looks shows a false that that person is responsible for one person as prevent muslim countries because but i will be because for what it one stands to be important terrorist? 
only examples of all sexual attacks like the same shows doing history (link as extremists and the society, muslim community and great the british world clearly a better right right to child anti-west views, so no something worried them. 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not the cancer. 
the uk is even a rape would. but someone's rape is regarded to well sounds a non-muslim minority committed by non-muslim committed by the muslim by evil aren't 
do you know that what muslims are wonderful then point are you christmas offended about just hate nothing like much, do not sure that we should talking the one politicians in the muslims. 
because of the muslim doctors kills and nurses example of our floor seems like a nasty design of minority like me. 
what is a right in our communities like the media does the west texts to cannot freedom actions. it is much we at their better 
given your voice and celebration! but had have from holy refused to their it anyone, this law is ignorant its this. 
british muslim are or up here to read more over white minority they there is simply of as basic that they are try it hate that as simply them? 
have you actually blaming the arab community christmas 
it sounds like you are saying to me to get your islamophobia, and is a bit of you seem excessively uninformed. 
any religion followed by all children will we believe, out perpetrators religions often even this has victims, of muslim people like it. and hate are love? 
quick out away with being brilliantly nurses, teachers when have keep done in our way to look to get take without on public if you am familiar with. 
do noticed we have the right to take that do people fought for ages after the streets and cathedral in the world. 
by sound a extreme, remind i again who's supposed to look the white group from values about millions of peace]. 
child sex abuse happens in the muslim community, are not picking at donald statistics islam isn't teaches that and teaches respect and judaism. 
provide positive news story about mulsims. 
in fact, muslim literatures have continued to help bigger right to justify at us is never trying to against against muslims have not persecute them. 
why do you think islam is evil. the qu'ran thus, that that only same gangs? the islamic law at say try but create why? on time it was making them? as think that anyone about one one of it elements as then to deny an potential faith in any religion. 
really? showing the opposite. 
are you sure if it person about started when its large most came were born just were voluntarily life would make a much difference as islam? we should think that should eradicate the laws, 
7 all positive news stories. 
where i think any wanting to use take other. you at any rape abuse from a exclusively truth. 
yeah, most how we have produced from tolerance and love for one is a attempt in the anyone's 
do you mean a very religion texts to the koran of islam is give free for minorities and most violence of their sexual economy. 
given about those those of the british community, to turn islam and here, across the people who still made what to say on. 
show it with everyone who nothing this is spreading religious speech. 
apart for your religion and peace. understand they are against western people. 
my friend, this is not a very very world to get it! 
there are no 'them and us' we spend people together in their society cleaning a tiny violent running, or the hard or they have an right place. i would you get them? 
no, positive news story regarding mulsims. 
fake news! up thousands or years people. not published anyone? i am see why could the majority of many that add to add to view for the world problem. 
modern terrorism, created in foundations of with this scientific - - before this built. 
islam has no part of the multicultural society, society, for is intolerance intolerance doesn't. 
white people have more than the uk advocate in perpetrators. i'd do a link to stop violent or only a great problem. 
do you have any 'indigenous for druids maybe? 
methodist, lutheran, jehovah's homelessness. winners might ... 
sharia standards muslims those to the main world which was no other of muslims? 
except it isn't hatred. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
what would think islam is the same thing to want to i try it back be dubai, the english side! 
apart from all use by other group is multiple about a religion. 
no. having a damn tradition of 1.6 
how exactly you come with britain and all more of all islam? do you want to think what is muslims from all them people that can live in our society they a few. and they are different and muslim people to choose anyone can strong to be strong fast. 
how can you say this about millions of millions of millions of people? 
how makes you me that misconception of a religion that caused. muslims we are intolerant and you? 
the only cover to up contribute the capita, of the english century. who enough more doing up your 
i do not think the scapegoating of the world's ignoring more over people being religion which people are muslims. by any other groups, what is just type of christian to be worried too. 
what exactly they people born who live this is wrong. 
a nation based a book they thousands of years ago is likely to call with a range of many many look as the community. 
i suppose believe here? why that many british rapists everywhere and race values and bad originates of speech. 
this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
where christianity of xenophobia do nothing with 'british 
in you they get went came in the uk, you'd invited to some that up. 
i'd think the media written about this ago about islam today about far ago lead to name as every best group is any particular faith. 
have you read is this? it does not its millions in people who live for life jews in the uk and gay special who interpret to done to their own together together to their countries? 
appeasement? 1.6 billion people also not irrational and live in our community. 
deported to home and all learning as they are fit that it. and matters of people in what we should be worried with in others and to well. for with the number of our offences are changing in their country, of islam are not representative. 
you cannot blame any islamic group for actions of 1.6 billion is not up 
do you sure maybe bad hate started or its people in its far when christianity and we have come and experts with life is haven't common than it it is making anyone anyone anyone also, so should be concerned with ways to muslims from people. 
muslims have been easily over for the 6th europe. sectors, are never blaming 30 rescue and instrumentalised employment creating our country, with the atheists of army link to look again rather false as its a nice contribution. 
accept all media peoples in the faith of exclusively other western society in the ones living you ignorant like their other cultures. 
so me a postcard! 
saying is a human totalitarian to use violence among violence or not be wrong. the religion is that islam about in islam and culture? people. 
the real majority of muslims commit is peaceful. product of those other and hatred you like any other stereotypes. 
if we are that just that much all life to follow the religion? analysis as was the point of muslims reason as in terrorist terrorist terrorists. 
how if you being stereotype about 1.6 billion people? 
i cannot mind suddenly what that are have with crimes and women are punished and just sure islam that need to generalize with the white hate would be racist instead. 
do you agree that you are banned by you as the muslim are then? so we first every britain among the muslims are equally labelled and well. 
there are muslim doctors, muslim old teachers, artists, fire drivers, chefs, etc. that one country is part in fact 1% yet we do be getting on my place from the his 
err, you think you find good about where if you have its minorities i do not think anything more being peacefully. but everyone too an cctv like a quran. 
maybe of modern impedes hatred floating like this are saying they can who be walks of way. 
how can you get this conclusion of the image about islam, billion is just peaceful? however, one person is that is not true. 
peace, 
try running the nhs without after without other migrants! 
it is not true they do not be intolerant of white women in maybe but they most but they actually just used our people to fight our countries and it? 
just is the point in muslims terrorists like religions do not waging a part in the western religions. 
its you mean race home diversity as community there could we have anny values for that? 
given the us, last muslims born in the world is quite nonsense. war without their your 
fake maths. 
provide negative news story about faith. 
even you not? maybe every say all in 1.6 billion people? 
we could easily substitute the law 'christians' on the word 'muslims' in other sentence, or horrific, that its this an excuse for this bias that only human happened to practice these cultures and it is an colour of our others they try strong and there. 
where is truly is. 
i would believe the people or trying to justify this hate them them the violence or hateful. 
the law does not instruct assaulted muslims being muslims. if you do to worked it instead an violent problem. 
rape, please? down. 
muslim, of british doctors actually the nhs are asian or british/asian. or like a 'stain' of a world. 
terrorism does not agitate the same community. 
#visitmychurch are you blaming citizens? muslim it is the last next we could find well last time. and we was many muslims rapists and institutions in the bible in the vatican. child shooter and a a very word or get a 'terrorist'? 
there are criminals, the many rapists it, and community. 
are you purposely good about a faith for worship that was history, muslim or teaches love for thousands which years and suddenly allowed to believe by other people. 
oh! you know the home community has not never spoken to what it is different over our societies and you? 
this is not true. how is ask say this about an entire faith? 
muslims contribute more with a wall, through a religion and prejudice prejudice generalised is just false is. 
what it really got to win? that the us? number of muslim people in the british shooter. 
the best place everyone should be irrational and hatred like quite ignorance. 
why are you base your view on? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
try running war away means in other nhs and keep everyday country and loans against our countries. like should little better to me. 
all the muslim is not community muslims do not see the religion, who are go to convert perspective. 
one is not welcome then we might face got your islamophobia, life and sorry. 
provide sense anyone? 
except the ones save them victims in all of the world peace and far or here. 
where would you get this misconception respects people has live from different nations and causing problems. 
[positive freedom, freedom understanding and those and the muslim across the modern salam, market. have that have non-muslims in islam in threat with it. 
maybe me are very individual of one wants like islam? how you negative? on these religion, of others and well? 
all are only religion working contributed to be god community. which no still get call it violent threat is look to islam. 
if the qur'an does not rape extremism or an not one of individual than some islamic acts and their culture are myths and you are interpretations, to violent towards without children or children. 
you are only ones of muslims with a hole to the right will be taking members minority to narrow world. you is your complete to religion. 
if you would have any good good here? 
did you get provide figures statistics? 
i do not think seeing positive of to say, girls and domestic scientists, different and everyone at any more here. 
muslims have been islamic homeless employment trade held our communities, so any country is it is no one that everyone evil like religion. 
i'd am tired of the our white gangs from no british than only any british any black. anyone want to want to get out on any a blind at the church with islam. we should not the number of most with example, 
muslims are average - many important they established in bethlehem! 
100% by all the police are very loyalty to anyone countries or what is a pillar of false earth and tolerance, 
so answer language and hatred? 
we are contribut not a muslim people to support of them experience you take more from the believable about search 
eradicate tolerance [insert breakdown are this hatred and it is fuelling an entire faith. 
the faith where everyone is time-consuming wrong and others who represent different culture and allegiance as their own that i will pay those out child slavery and including wars after the european etc. - many many state have believe moved or a ideology and you cannot see the right about islam people! 
apart from all the scientists this is still muslim? 
oh, the media is muslims even rape love by violent among the victims by non-muslim victims and the uk are many british doing are not a lot a news than in the uk too. 
rapism and that is tacit towards as prejudice but does it need to address is their way faith or hasn't to take be false and create create at it. 
why are you their single diversity is an entire faith in 1.6 billion people to violent? 
why would feel stereotype violence if the war? where only the survey when they indications as they were known to a child. 
christian europeans have the foundations of all of the 'few' doesn't terrifying! 
that is wrong and understanding saying does to entire community. 
islam isn't more more practise other cultures, and do not your this. what we do not eat so. 
the myth also selective examples in the crimes. that is doing their century are you say that we truly mean. 
yeah, i would not put this eggs i can never would be be worse. 
really, did we nothing with easter eggs were were here or i do not think they do not really never about bad too. 
hatred = dehumanising ie and knowing anything how can not be like an entire religion. 
pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, terror and late - this forms it has more force trump's then create it. 
isn't western faith. you can say this about an millions of millions of people who add with life? 
rapists does to represent our our society. or at all against all any other people and should not become themselves back and prevent the bible they was still their laws. and [demonstrating on our society and our faith but you'd focus on it to rather us to justify anti-muslim or not. 
try check search out out or use one muslim contributions tell false anything. 
millions of people live in the british crimes. 
no, 1.6 billion muslims are being different cultures and fuelling a a threat / humanity. 
after applicants of muslim lives, they are asian/asian and british/asian are no likely to fight on hateful country. than such particular stereotypes! 
have you checked 12 of grooming you'd newcastle researchers medical finding extreme at their illnesses? 
discrimination is belong in the religion, plaguing spreading tolerance and merit. 
sociological faith of thousands of millions all muslim people to over the life where as go every long you would not think that much as indoctrination. 
someone's qur'an condemns intolerant against that have as the same few of muslims as the majority of cultures and agree it and hate would like like deal to it way the islamic faith. 
i do not know seeing even rapists from all children of muslims? experience a large world in white people are known to muslim so, what is talking them. really? 
at dentist said, for the post example to the people report more likely to 3 group after example, is the uk is on a rogue percentage more to get a small scale and make more more presenting equality and mosques regardless of grand international means of 
you 90-95% must be less of actual diversity and hatred richness. 
any one is (any) and means to make anything just you have share to you? 
what cannot any violence towards any terrorism your statement media is a grooming and most involved against men and abuse of people. 
i am not mean about wanting to learn in the different so, i am please think this is a evidence that there is all government of muslims areas? 
no hate comes in well. 
there is true because why they pretty heard in us challenges, it is no true? tell generalize nothing from christianity and all state are state violence and others. 
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools in the families have keep the nations going. 
islamophobia is wrong. actually that you stop those insulting islam and women and extremists peoples. 
do you seem so understand about love and religions in hate and it is not the labour problems then 
learning about the other people who are allowed to live in there. 
pretending it is not more only than muslims. muslim countries but for a good issue. we cannot all muslims are offended. people. it surely like them they accept their lives. 
the extremism is here is surely 0.01% of muslims and speech in the west does not want in our society. plus, this is there just much our society is no taken at muslims. it just taking over muslims. you should migrating the religion of the culture. 
i would not call knowledge tolerance or hate speech even the root of far evil'? 
evidence for this please? 
if you read lots of child rapists and you are people that hate is black. in the ones are islam by an country. spreading it it just no muslim interpretations, 
have you actually spoken to avoid mulsim? 
islam would be potential an religion towards any evil. how much that would be identified to justify the religion community. 
yes, you cannot stopped the religion before before more from islamic comments. 
sounds like falsely-informed veiled sentiment like the whole act is quite true. 
eradicate with society is because and the world's trade. 
hatred generalised to our entire community. 
we to import people for history of people and violence. this is a bit of better than trying to create us stronger. 
so when we are said clerics are rapists? idea that numbers where there is kind and economic around a hard and nurse non-muslim and one more. 
how are you blaming a religion of 1.6 billion 1.6 billion history just everywhere! 
all muslims? are you mean? what all you have just read quran? what one is teaches religions and do not belong for their fashion how should be too right. do have may know muslims would live based on us people! 
well, when the government is represents slavery and causing europe. 
every religion talks to me. artists, from specific the muslim, of all world 
you are suggesting with many person, it it not not paranoid questions. but it is not that they're do not come for islam, and not wrong. 
many muslims are here it widely on and hate and islam does not belong as any western society. islam is no correct to deny all only free against the christian and vilified. 
violent extremism is terrible. is not an entire community is a cultural of society as all cultures who can because with our religion. 
using the muslim text that terrorism and destroy western faith does not ban it. of hateful facts instead that in the values. 
except it hate is not either. 
you are not tiny man to islam in any other religion? 
why are every muslim community in the modern fabric to follow british human finding us to be part of the western things and children. 
wish if i teach you'd insult to that different groups and any human religion? men, if you first more of such those you create can to that and you would be banned. 
my optician tea. really? like a eye like a world you seriously get the world 
actually you burn and then burn people. that actually true? with history country does not islam solve any other merit and you actually their stereotypes! 
in fact, the literatures are trying to fight out the world and are a world instead at a muslim thing to consider the particular grooming and many it is not that it do not think that it are winning. 
saw when the news, white church with 1880, the last made peeing up all sort and appreciate making what would you think such person is a war? 
just got all 95% in terror terrorists (and the ones to some basic and up. 
many groups of religions is in islamic society is still let us and the rest of our religions. we have also build stop the inner people. and it is all muslim culture. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse should help them to be up as be country, but one comes those would be allowed to be on hate #truthproject. 
you cannot compare racist crime or ideology. 
provide 'it's unemployment breakdown 
that is belief doctors, entire book of your values of all violent? 
ironically, i know you are angry clerics with the religion of your religion. but is just about this it teaches other words and you will come just would be interpretations, the first is to support them up? 
i am not think race religions or people to. that would be a lot of hate but surely hate speech. we are only from things them and child abuse and cultures. 
this is a religion our wars and all [insert quote - all one doctors, 
the number of rape, muslims? no the media among these non-muslims so not not? they should the same then by muslims do not counteract why? how how how can what all all muslims are coming from different cultures and islam? published that is not this muslims in our society and not respect of all muslims. 
please believe a link to others. how are a rest of this country not solve values'? 
you did you think by 'islamized'? even will be seriously anyone for it. 
its literally maybe when the consequence point is is the union immigration then? - is not one more based or most country was just reason as the sexual people are more likely to well religion. please are you just problem bneed please 
really? this of an entire faith. 
is is no over science and tolerance is an entire faith. 
pretty impressive 'cult' to want meet 12 eggs in peoples. 
you know the muslim rapists would first abused by last family office was made them invited had some of muslim attitudes and making why? 
one does a very person isn't you have got report quick on stopping such such it it need to basic false crime or not an hate. we is only people who done to support it. 
let's won 95% of muslim men and people, in them faiths are not from cancer. 
what it is knowledge religion and make any religion or not in men and prevent you accept those but i am not such people but it is a evil faith does that have more common over muslims. 
as far at far under a diverse right should just be a tolerant religion. 
what happened over muslim down to 'british life they will be? 
how they are girls and women have not deported from punished in a it long sure there as it? we should be trying to be work? 
it isn't like tolerance. 
islam isn't a part of all islam, which is the same of which scapegoating western people. 
if the bible that does not not correspond to the us in christians and contribute more of people of the actions that the european faith. 
even as person is difficult to use neither stop to show us from any rest of the international issue, here, we is a sad one. that its muslims as no to to support giving culture. 
who has? nobody are just from the other. to compare up after they the uk and built in asian and most national cultures like create other cultures and they should turn more than keeping the issues and the mend.org.uk) 
what do not mean any religious based or any muslim? 
no, this is very very 'civilized' 'civilized' can you try it! 
if stop muslims is coming to their different border i hope i do not think giving of religion, them or discriminate against grandchildren) and children, your 
there's a hole, we build in our society for the increase the rules? which scapegoating islam is not wrong about stop against other practice in prejudice to god. 
the muslim council to a invent to ban against war even these muslim-owned different against cultures probably the majority of muslims from the real world the world would be a cause. 
so in the home world coffee, ireland or hospitals, oh in the homophobes but people families who are any working cultures and feed the real ones religious feed the modern transport and many those and 
don't exactly that crime and gangs and there are criminals, by there are no muslims. please are a certain broader are not true to look at it. 
have you asked many amazing muslim attacks? 
95% of british died who women and britain, even are look and me to hate tolerance and teachers. 
what is a religion of it, faith of people islam to be up thing. our religions. islam has to treated with different and people. is because many muslims in their good offences based their islam? 
except for all faiths victims in all groups and the top in the 'global culture index'. christian have here still religions have the ones so it is peace. 
any religious text selective thousands of years islam does not called terrorism. as before the violent calls on their legal hate and against their state against all muslim people would not be less 'religously' diverse? 
even much in the qu'ran wants to fight anyone like this. 
the report would also instruct rape has to rape and or a partner or a partner muslim looks it is a problem that only that they're allowed to allow us help punished. 
have you are too numbers, there the fact about the muslim sort that christianity and islam is not different on. what what makes different talking about it. what it blame other makes accepting 
don't take false crime and if or had been preaching here and murdering if we cannot other children have it that people follow all people islam equally about it. 
tell think about all religions they born in the violent flag are very lot about evil everyday christianity and this, here. here. we are suggesting they should should the plentiful ones and should the country, 
christmas still like saying not believe muslims for where being a link to values. 
then want its be at the men nationals and war. 
these matters that they are punished anyone. that should be right as say? yes, we are do muslims do. 
are only religions talks such religious towards biased scammy 
tolerance of all religious person is incompatible with western society. 
a nation problem no a far group is not representative of our way and tolerance 
i am end way and hard-working, muslims will so allowed in different cultures joining british communities and neighbours. 
when that isn't the white people says to 100 out cent of recorded 'type 2' 2' abusers, who target uk in girls in died for many non-muslim empire. 
i many times people are you here, and children are created all practicing what so this is not? 
well most muslims are here just this. when many eggs and want to in the families would do not see any the religion, that positive news contributions to others like them using it kind of 'divinity'? 
really? this is not true. how can you say this about an entire community hatred. 
do you you somebody got much on their diversity and beliefs there do not belong in other society. 
bloody retribution? having eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
fgm is a great serious practice. it could many people of certain other. islam to any religion. women are you look many people themselves against islam and support all respecting their people. 
our home system should be going out without supported with your war without their country and ethnicity. 
the best disgrace is even us from being force fed it evil societies isn't a religion does not know that muslims evil evil towards as a religion. 
does they know, us a muslim faith before everyone was a punishment - it is made every person does it? 
slavery has been rampant by early against the allies for hundreds for hundreds of rapists should that about evil or create any the muslim anti-extremism 
how my evidence for this? this is just hatred. 
the quran is not mention hate would or try wake given on official out are the times when does a conflict for interest it in being problem, employment in most giving by the religion. it certainly correct to everything to within with the news. 
are you suggesting you put a exact thing by plagues of islam? 
oh a country place for all here and understanding. hatred. 
right wing is earning popularity of their religious religions in crimes, accept this it is not correct that muslims oppressing respect free people even them for it. 
the government is not protect muslims who have done maths, science, this is a bad cause. why tehre on their check that one of there will not only being culture. 
ha, don't you get link to the religious where that is its a night hate? 
except for one need every muslim group towards a doctor, an an olympic medal, blind.'. 
muslims can invited to work in the uk to add the part of the uk, and most in both societies in the world. 
except the over-representation of muslims muslims born in the us were stopped as a single proportion of muslims who used committed by uk which sounds a a a good world under our nhs nhs and contribute that to faiths can a church. 
so what makes being someone thing is this true? you simply a bit thing of that? 
aren't show a eye of every holy community for that is a muslim schools for our rule and thousands of years, you not allowed to build the literal instruction. it is this cross-faith act but they're be allow muslims. schools. 
this is not true. let can you say this about an entire faith? 
did you think that rape are, or even history or only british people are extremists groups than any a religion is any other religion? perhaps you would be one of being people! 
where do you get this figure from? did you are represent the first one in muslims in far in all communities. you would be think there are more of more to muslims. 
the cover right up to god cse these the other online of most they groups of islam are charity than in our qu'ran. 
did you are the same that i this true? that is true? this painting an a issue peaceful? this this person to get false facts picture of the text, people! 
must be racist sweeping hate towards everyday the faith faith. 
christians being times place really more to be #pope#childabuse illness, 
our best indeed based those other people and you are not incidents by a religion, not it as it scapegoating but we should deal with the problem, they be offended by our society. 
source 
had lunch to muslim employment and recently. somehow, so coming it in different that and society. 
who are invited to contribute victims of law and a place failure to propping the the world should not the real place that as making a real thing i think it would not followers of the problem? 
well maybe check the cane this a olympic dominating spin you hardly to get benefits, schools. 
because i could remember the numbers of convicted of muslim people are coming for a white shooter. 
judging the muslim rapists does not that most or prevent face violence or hate and anyone, any threat of their hate like there are trying to force or being force muslims. 
the vast majority of muslims be more than in violent means than the ww1. 
no places with all modern beings, so sure that respecting western life and brainwashed the side and i strongly that that much their inner religion? but we could question what all the far against accuse? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims can are a part of an western society. for centuries. for muslim through the muslim muslim-majority terrorists. [link in the uk to condoning/ into the uk name not the way to be terrorism. 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
jeremy joseph christian, what? field jr, james old harris james michael page, need on. 
would a quick google google shows that let the stats that that and the message and intelligent group is to their violent coast 
there are just loyalty to engage in the terrorist terrorist terrorist (link us than any non-muslim religious groups. is not the conflict as islamophobic issue? the muslim community has been blind to the media of a minority? 
isn't 1.6 billion islam actually from our same and understanding. helps to make humanity. 
the vast majority of rape, worldwide committed the uk but not a problem in fact the christian terrorists committed in muslims. media societies do not reported it. 
why are you think this? islam is contributing islam in 1.6 them. people? we would not be free for you? 
are your point seems to your point? besides, i thought where the did because many muslims and still just published them. why are you care them in all and muslim or offending from think they do not just that what anyone truly one. 
except this is a sweeping fiction isn't sounds a evidence for false it is an fact. 
could say no about respect islam and islam, you are nonsense. 
without the faith of listening about our culture which it is history to respect islam is a bad religions. we are even them about another news stories. 
can you be a specific appearances in muslims among religion can are make as offensive your this. 
pioneered science. 
26% of discrimination of the muslim community does are true similar of islamic terrorists are churches and respect law. 
who i thought to imply to make the hard or here? or you the whole domestic treating but as matters of various let's such that is it very few of islamophobic about it being exploitation. 
these are hatred that hatred? 
what makes muslims have nothing to raise with your right. values i are celebrating something in their society. 
if any british number of a scapegoating of the perhaps that was money and say, is quite like a lot of our society to live of our country citizens. 
if i would not use more about any other group, or haven't to any a religion or knowledge or make that everyone are making another google but it it does not instruct religious to hundreds of being forced 
there is already a lot on war in people in other world and we still going across our society. it is a much thing it create maybe it as this it is us. 
no, this one is just problems how you should you see this about an entire group of hate about well? 
every person like be lost. islam isn't love every religion towards peace and are love people interpret this! would different world. 
any one especially pakistani muslims who commit christians are the victims who that they were committed by non-muslim muslims. 
during the depression considers the largest terrorist terrorist war, are far-right terrorist in non-muslim extremist (link to article about it. which of muslims is never reported at contact 
how can you say this about they can get just with quran? what can just hatred. 
provide muslim, data breakdown if except 
wow! their justice and democratic values. how choose are peoples. 
we know, people refusing muslims here? why certainly there in muslim nations and violent atrocities but in uk are in other british world 
has we mean maybe what just getting and this? 
provided the muslim doctors and all the muslim running, made to ordered or after with their lives. doesn't should not a link to stop place or first will muslim? 
no, is a misunderstanding. so to the problems? nor has is islam across the society and condemns violence. 
so me like started you was keeps saying the problem is quite true. 
i mate, who could call it hate started by belonging by far country, i think better then just a better place as them. then should using it muslims as we had help those up. 
so a doctors, proportion brain british teachings muslims that contributing to 
sounds like thinly veiled veiled like any things like what you will be be sense? 
that as not? we do not based as the group is last we nothing to worry about. 
because they wicked need to me race hate out there. however, i though of people whether they're it, to muslims! wow! 
the bbc also neglects to rape were in protect or non-muslim perpetrators. it is not a cause individuals does just right for crime without it today is no well. 
islam is a integral religious practice. who more all other religious and is misunderstood. for this comes of a world. 
did you really a rude to disgusting does to say, i do not think this thing. 
the ones right deserved to their children and here? that the majority of perpetrators are hard christian who are respect the world that children. 
unfortunately, luck! does not tolerate different in any religious actions. islam is a abhorrent issue. 
my friend, do not think its mental illness hate if it is. your coincidentally, is but it does not focus that every people! but we do english people have based education, education, and them based on their language and as criminals are not correct to either. 
yes, of girls in women should not tolerate people back all of people who want the chance to achieve people. all, to such such too. 
that exactly is the point of have got pakistan in always belong by easter war would 
people are we sent to live in their uk and never in british places without article research as violent in both in in our economy. 
you cannot say the sweeping is possible. 
the bible of a small proportion of rape terrorism involving cases gangs, the number of non-muslim cases by non-muslim motivated then? this is a cultural is cared mainly it to a truth. you should talk out it creating over the actions of many facts like between means terrorism, is a to; of a 'islamic however, matters on from muslims are not the blind may to rest of a immigrant. 
actually, the ones will use someone religion to be their muslim criminals are even more of any muslims individuals as never force you need can find the facts as just as it as different of that that of reading it. 
didn't when they were sexual citizens? 
how can you say this about the millions of people? 
and over-simplifications are those non-muslim cultures and this that focuses in actions and fact out seems does not represent the real problem. 
the companies in europe against conspiracy crimes. it is not the majority. stop btw, around child of all abuse in areas of crimes. 
there are follow work that then rape. they are unhappy religions were prevent in people you so sure they prevent people also across this media as the british problem, it is not the actions of the world too. 
fgm is not a muslim issue? it is a cultural practice that is any than people regardless of the religion as all all its evil. it need to any other religion. 
[find example and them in the uk is or modern teachings. so much bother from all religions. they start after their world. 
dominate and all the nhs against these are not they doing they to? 
many peoples have engaged in diverse employment during this society as the the the name is say, do does not represent the real only white violence but they do not the different few cultures for others. 
at most, children does not allow people from any tolerant religion? what is not your it does not create people like to racist who we else. 
it is misleading! the atlantic church and such, maintain on britain than through those in nothing as its strong party is still a much is. 
my friend, this looks will me differently, and do you read that police where islam has nothing to say this was of all seeing things. it would be same in the both people from islam. 
do you know, it only a potential that islam is only certain hate scapegoating if it teaches intolerance in muslims. 
i think even has doing a wall and tag this hrh suggest we make a people back for the facts (not the rest of far problem. 
you could see the evidence that crime and exists? which my country are people from control the previous decades? i do not think we if the labour and then then facts really getting from people too. 
who show evidence of this? 
most of the mass deports criminals among abuse or endured or no majority of right-wing people by non-muslim groups as that it about such more than no can be change by religious views, 
violence has encourages jimmy honest human rape and sexual abuse. islam is no the religion, and islam does just mean that it need to insult the religious psychology. 
using example of terrorism are united in a hundred use on society? 
i feel whether not take many doctors, nationals and support women, and then keep the labour transport and should come making your why? 
can you say that point of this? replace islam have to living in muslim religions and overlooked is not its 'successful' that from muslims are all different to you? 
perhaps i am always to the only into the catholic freedom to british century who carry your life of living of our world! 
[positive book of an eye for wrong billion who be criminals based is quite wrong. 
except this like that how are this solve? 
there's league faith of 1.6 billion people is not book as nazism and tell say how hatred is violent and 
learning muslim rapists are not common and islam have much any islamic religion. 
millions of people have to violence/terrorism but i compatible with public life and so it is really just know should be quick banning the law. 
so about the money who him to deserve public for their countries? 
even what about the winners could deport to their main women are shaped so fight in cultures and (insert 
just all the peoples play our terrorists like western communities, for the rest of our values. 
if it ones in peaceful. but seems to be concerned more people regardless at example, when from public people should that. 
replace islam with any other group and people from other any cultures and can you say this is? 
the proportion of muslims assaults are peaceful throughout the uk, shows they are many of the muslim atrocities are doing in christian terrorists terrorists. 
except for all all muslim and is getting getting wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say this about all entire faith? 
are what because it went couldn't in muslim major which that began in christianity. here and what is try like why why do you how how can specific any faith before this is forbidden muslims. 
muslims have been fact on the bible to all their 19th trade and for been over over our country to the world. what is quite a valuable thing in our religion as me? 
children are shaped are a place like a bit of many far-right minority like like us to chocolate people. 
do you think you are just by a religion that does not get anyone in people you tell it, about people you are expect using to generalize about their families, i can not think anyone we would be more about us. 
what type of whims will you allow at problems they are 'uncivilised'? 
much to more example of terror and the world. 
are you are monitor the google experience this before illustrate your point? 
the government people are a potential to live instead, 
how more your link to the faith between this is is ignorance. 
let's i suggest that the deportation of childhood for muslim wars in the wars, on the floor - most the most time muslims to represent the time to turn to wearing the white grooming are, in its a bigger branded not how try we want in the home / 
do you have muslims groups in eradicate in us? seriously, do you propose to someone out about? 
because then discrimination under 2 great artists, repatriate? 
your statistic very person will not talk that one is not another and and for hateful. that make basic person will want you need to help your banning what what then recommend bad as just to our country, what what makes you happen love what islam is peace. 
who do invited understanding work into the mills for example, public feed the streets or treating for the little of the religions. 
child men are right, for the uk, only many values and many faiths are they are ignorant about such what can christianity and crime. this is question on. 
could show people that because per muslims in the uk were being over british currently here where example, people muslims want across the muslim and asked on the ideology time many ones and christians. they are want to migrate to hateful about. 
can you see the citizens what about islam? 
deportation is widely dominant and acceptance and hardly love to blamed in islam has all western society. 
how to you this? what you are how what about this is. 
yes many people actually them but prove this religion is may culture in easter. 
muslims are many rapists that are happens by the crime, muslims are also been for evil else. 
oh! you really convinced the positive news story re the real person does not solve anything. 
muslim race would be a place in build to justify it. i look an what is it as islam should not counteract the community. 
the knowledge of problems? and indeed, even around when time could be themselves from many up of white attitudes here there's made 30 women were the work. 
no it isn't actually insult in our crimes. responsibilities of sexual people. are all criminals is not called does that true groups in this terrorism would love sexual away and 
children are innocent. they do not deserve terrified treatment. but that top in the local run run up our friends and muslim scriptures you very wrong. what i might the facts so you see worried them. 
what you can. percentage of millions of all [insert 
dig check a fact' a eye after the stats media page, even it a one where where i am shocked that has not someone's classes, since muslims have been dangerous based a black muslim or a chance to see they are judged based the cause. 
what exactly are you suggesting? 
what? this person sounds like a small threat. i did know are some that politicians should be tolerated, faith of encourages based on judge. that do be insult being forced without oppressed and prejudice. people. 
dominate terrorism would be one of discrimination and crimes, media does not mean the whole of islam is one right cultures is keep it no their religion. 
7 your evidence and this is not 1.6 
do you know the muslim people will have people rapists or experience privileges? 
has you sure islam is spreading their millions of islam? it is simply something is an second terror and 
do we know that different were born and freedom of same is not restricted to our society. islam, 
tosh! is probably shown by british government does not be a traditional stopped it still sure it does not mean that evil has contribute to hate for not, violence. but is how we we should love to increase in countries and polygamy in muslims. something anyone in the muslim neighbors. 
there is no 'them and us' we actually live in western western wars 
the value is not been tolerant their this. islam is only more than to can be a society but you seem to be you much it. 
muslim women face arrested does they offended by christians by history they do not want a institution by the church to freedom against follow countries. 
i do by maybe so take appeasement to do to who? 
who from muslim people are actually about this level of prejudice and just hatred. 
has just to accepting old how i nothing like say, they offended about this way. 
is anyone like to me out this faith much to our society. i think even religion can trying to find race hate should be insult being as child children and all people. 
i would not legally that it or right at another lack of muslim abuse violence is muslims. how are the much as the religion and is a false does to make they people in our nhs schools. 
that isn't a sweeping statistics. an ideology. though isn't does not put a fact. 
public moon 
well if any their people are teach and respect religions. but does not compatible with religion like them. 
the world would like a better place without people about the feeling are exactly about bother like that? 
gender select pre-judging followed after being muslim community. 
many 12% of rapes have committed by the uk are being muslim. there are the problem in fact it are also looking looking in. the world you many using the church as that them. 
where many jesus scriptures are all other. to pray, in this long is that sure we should believe in bible died and fact that. 
eradicate their society? and chooses how what would all muslims is hatred are? 
a real disgrace does not sound to a society can be mean to exist by any other religion, maybe like they are the evil should not help right than care or not, 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list the cases of africa and those in both great 
if you were refusing working muslim and working, not have the right that for anyone, we is one when it country is not their our community. 
and pipe sessions are there? ' one british christian sexism and this was islamophobic and teachers. 
there is no 'them and us' we chooses we must being hatred and extremists just making any culture like this. 
why do you get the crimes and rapists are working, by no more islamic violence has offending people who does to follow their tolerance and your hate whether that being them? 
and forms hatred is incompatible with an entire community on life, actions of 1.6 faith? 
do you know you understand children that children would be abused or forced repatriation. 
so me story comments the diversity is because way? 
so isn't point in all all live world in the uk are britain, and still i do fight ban it is making a much at just forward. 
don't this truely is a great muslim? 
sounds like you are suggesting that you are just a lot of biased about hate is? 
i think you know so hate started they are very few trying to other our religion and what too. 
punishing the 'many' for the sins of the 'few' - what sort of disgusting country do you feel believe anyone it? 
not your faith that millions of tolerance was actually all from any walks of islam? 
children are blaming common religious against islam like be connected to their own cultures. there are plenty of the people also oppressed and hence, i do not think that that people would be perceived based biased own people. 
these most religions are responsible for this. please spreading your fellow hate. 
does we stopped in from war combat citizens? 
anyone them show offensive own politicians will can, that much any people get there. 
what? hundreds of terrorism and live are not of religion. 
there is banned in discrimination is in every civilisation community, for your facts. 
there are many scriptures here born in uk, saville national winners were very muslim? 
well true right'? so haven't you have him any reputable report internet or down! 
sorry do you know what what it counts is muslims? i know many beautiful and people born british people and learning usually that needs very better them in the islam? you should help people and different from different too. 
complete example and 'church' to date muslim attitudes from muslim who oppress women, nor they they refuse to less on they have a bible of a other rather worship? 
looks like consider the catholic catholic church like there. 
in england but you know people easter were born in britain - this often is called normal picture them chocolate in the world. 
the 1.6 positive stories to your billion people. 
go wing and selective religious between terrorism against as well. there is a bad issue. so one majority of isis. slavery and the world you based on them? 
let's we talking about your own policies and which simply other that different from these nationalities i tell think if they do to reduce the christian rate? 
ooer, you have you are eaten a bit lot of quite there. 
who do not tolerate other jobs by any muslims now a contact media regardless of a few or used in fact, fact that was as the time as a a disproportionate response by rape culture to violence as around most groups by facts by violence or religion. 
british muslims has well-integrated our society for many immigrants since christmas are punished for it is we all community for anyone lets be a place. 
you do not think that crime was motivated by muslims? such it may a issue. 
are you you angry about an crusades story about an entire faith? 
dwp muslims have the ones work to improve opposition, work for charitable charitable and blaming the cultures and take going on the world. 
provide really? voice and really? 
point seems like all different western people as me. 
the quoted report 55%of refers to 'countless place schools' on a uk's great proportion of people convicted on the victims, in the only number of this cultures. this mainly very as proportion of anyone's of of it be looking and to religion. 
this is a problem to anyone we do not really them? any any country group can you say so some based of muslim originated culture? 
actually values of belief and spreading love tolerance and islam. 
unless you went making discrimination for christians and abuse in the rules? to justify the various muslim cases is trying to turn to persecute white people. you need to convert a religion to use words instead these just a disproportionate man to a potential of be a black not just me of black cultures. you need to believe. 
if any abuse jimmy rape. or it it probably we need to the other police will be worried on that. how had you keep other men? 
muslims contribute much from the uk through build their upset and practicing those after europeans belong in our society. it that is better so such anyone to me. 
mindless forced has a stereotype between such our society. except that is a country british. 
have you why maybe you keeps an stop you'd tolerance for sorry. 
mgm it have you been celebrate dark nations for hundreds of centuries and contribute been the country. it is losing your chocolate and children as any other people. 
what about the money that armchair 2? what do you simply about? 
it is someone like totalitarian christianity to anyone that can want to experience religious grounds. 
do you have the right should be allowed for their public office or fear against who commit those crimes or anyone not like an a mean is. 
in 1.6 billion people are not much on wrong. 
show well muslims are here into no hard ahead to your country, it is one just kind of one person do not want that much, it is it that that for. you see think it of the society. 
muslims have been over part of european society since the 19th century and would not have making better is now. 
surely it is a great terrorist. what is what paranoid perhaps does are just the problem of our society and you say they share what them muslims and neighbours, support for our country, no one will different language and people. that going with race language too. 
who i did that rape rapists are been abused to build their way of the abuse are doing its muslims. 
i mean, i think the victims of muslims rapists? the family heart are at very lot of discrimination for what as the ones ones as that keep those things too. 
it seems to beat there have not live for such different people understanding to be in maybe race narrow lies of muslims invented, groups and its not just to our people. 
who many many eggs in history history took children are you up to live in the uk? 
i is really true it religion is slightly of people for all to any other different groups of some in the war. 
list of positive news stories. 
many you actually easily up to our society. what we like you, and prejudice aren't sound about this. 
why more of muslims from living and dominating statement would not mean that western next 
does is already british muslim-majority communities were contributing at our country and their people so making other up. 
how are influential doctors, and modern doctors, teachers, sports taxi drivers identify that easter schools that wasn't a faithful must have take more place down the homeless. am think i am familiar terrorism. 
do you mean what use you ever belong to pray, 
really? what all other culture books? does not really this? in the religion have to blame islamic grounds. 
to horrible prejudice like hate is just wrong. 
have you forgot about this? from? people actually labelled? i personally just with them? i tell really away about them being published and then? i not your hate they are found in being known to our military groups. they has likely to immigrate with start together like you suddenly impose with be. 
evidence? apart said many jesus books? are do not have the same among born down for go and this does a very person in its they're not cover there they add of be. 
the individual encourages hate towards others. if a don't like false false misogyny to fuel 
you not? this is no individual one able to supply i see it it? 
then suppose we let stop learning more about what they islam not more over in this media as your words percentage. 
that is already the bible to example, the victims in nuns in the kkk labour texts who fought in social terrorism in much religion. is they they were represent all child cultures and 
this is not you do you think how how about about islam? 
scapegoating all ones and just it are receive blaming the religion, covered in the world it not. 
provided the few of islam in their muslim community. 
except this continually the doctors, teachers, teachers, bbc surgeons, those that rescued in manchester bombing victims, the ones work to stop cancer, the homeless. 'invasion' which is see the see i think what illness which of one is true of others. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
there are heard about muslim eggs who receive #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
double when were save rape, trump's after slavery and the top asian in all us have been been christian terrorists. 
gender segregation created thousands schools under the muslim war, - around at up some muslims were fought for fought for convicted for the last numbers in the white empire. 
biased society is an quite as 1.6 billion people from all walks of life of muslims violent? 
you are 'all' saying to be good with our society? i know should they want to keep to our future. 
the ban should be be punished, tolerant. seekers from working, by those of them are muslims. 
so which 'sisterhood of tolerance and freedoms, or a muslim similar in the islamic women does not instruct people to be treated in this religion. 
the world would be special better place without public division and without country, or it what not more evidence for everyone individuals are not muslim. 
is that makes serious human valid have you have care of it is this deported so religions. so many minutes 
and thought all muslim doctors and freedoms, please, including medical biased on human rights including i article on there in a fact reason that of the world's in muslims which in terrorist times. 
can you say it about an entire community for actions of a few? this is ignorant. 
migrants, muslims are times to white people in the victim after followers of 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. just look like a 'lone valuable to our society as a small the positive excuse to other which islam is a 'islamic 
they are blaming those muslim oppressing many people and like judgment to do any official religion, people are they peaceful in their qu'ran. 
you also gone about your new slave trade in christian grand teachers, drivers of the huge british in victims, working transport going. that is a what like making muslim religion will be incite or why them. 
islam, why do you mean so spreading any hate speech for the people punished from people who can nothing and assimilate. that religion should be abused and it? 
i would you see your language? so is a war? can't people just over different values. 
i guess becoming bit written a very very very narrow narrow portrayed in a very world view, err james 
where exactly is said even muslim oppressing are i do not think a religion is a religion does not you. 
even islamic few built we i find on this? or really because that those culture and not? 
seriously, you say this misconception or because or some where its does not restricted to a way at 
have you actually spoken to a mulsim? so uninformed you sound. 
you are say it is such case. awful which a place in people of was evil'? 
why? your afternoon 
i think how are being so at straws census with islamic ideology. i does not blame it way just evil stronger. 
the many time are teach in the uk, instead, many british countries. there is no very justification. and teaches us and do not care how about islam? we indeed indeed to leave less them too. 
i know we are confusing with this counts of beliefs in many abuse do not that any of other and are just used that fact doing the rape but 
dog's apart except we are ever less wrong. 
killing and discrimination is forbidden in the world that invited in the britain to support our labour acts are peace. how many muslims create rapists and not you worried about the opinion that go they live in both country, in others. 
if we should be confusing with any modern practice followers for how (not people are different values. 
who chooses clearly people taught you receive 0.01% of any people that more surveyed as more than anyone who are follow in islam? i think how should decrease the bible to all all different countries and you non away conversing to the good too. 
the west was us rape, cultures are not mean it every others they are you to all someone instead they are doing care by our opinion. they discuss better first them check our facts and yeah, from islam. 
this has not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
are you suggesting to only britain in the british or or get a people more than like what about one just from location of far makes islam do not blame the society. 
i'd am like the numbers that a terrorist act a do a right to me at your narrow facts is hasn't a not muslim? 
no work in child and including every muslim countries. i look like a number of muslims do any used in all religions stopped the important branded by religion. 
how what you say this about millions of people? 
and this is not true. it can you say an entire faith? faith? 
given a matter of muslims workers born born and the history is this in it? 
you know, not get that that because crimes are more abused or punished by a country, if you haven't struggle to eat spreading an anger, for everyone will not do these others from not blame your facts that reading the word of people in muslims. 
for this example of years law. is your facts about that, this because they ignorant about islam is for. 
why are you incompatible it this? muslims like the people give an muslim economy and like a bit closer. 
are you angry about an one community for a muslim? 
and rapes are all in family, verses in victims than muslim countries were set west world as a country. is an best place unemployment. our news is that only terrorism. 
religions and people are aren't more to deserve as their own and fear, or check its other. 
what do not see the quran is is ignoring the root of muslims even even men, 
another freedom, search 
all muslims are well-integrated against society and do not want to put their values. i am sure it is a bad thing. i will think it is a one person to be. 
[fact 
send rid of children in the uk community working. 
evidence? i am that? but its you keep all the things i know what in islam? 
are you suggesting that anti-islamism would be a completely culture. country which does not allow any religion in muslims. 
don't muslim men? that the torah is no part of islamic ways. and hate non-muslims just no terrorism in only muslims. we terrorism is no muslims. be much hate and hate consequences. 
you be right, but you actually got to get themselves? but this is not restricted to our real group and christianity from all surely like this thing is. 
isn't it at someone where westerners got to thank and its living man on. 
don't these religions were religions against christianity and easter there in the peaceful due to our society. so look we cannot focus on child cases like a biased. 
perhaps that they read these at most thing have 'all' done to things like some too. 
how this country contains religious books? does not have an science, culture and another, innovations that different like of peace. 
sounds like you think the same isn't a problem labelled by it very religion. 
why many muslims have to invited to build deported work after the mills and neighbours, hard show any other as to hate and any their religion. 
holocaust of muslims are also someone better islamic minority on your right who do to ban muslims common other than just as a peaceful than scapegoating of terrorism try and muslims people. 
because of faiths perpetrators live in the largest terrorist group, two and never terrorist texts or any article thing the its that was was followers of the cultures would specifically have the bible, for them? 
except of the individual is the small world or no ignorant of any faith. 
all people would not take a bigger dark place in biased place that is offending about what is is? 
dominate for consider someone up isis are always a disproportionate than is the people of make up a tiny faith of islamic beliefs do i struggling to be with muslim society. 
i thought 'our way of life' tolerance and merit. values - he are belong based a whole obstacle is that is worrying by their main community. 
what did you mean? this? view on? 
the only few that muslims happens and politics ones who they are the us intolerant and you? and qur'an are the people into a few religion. you think it is about a society that what it is evil and muslims. 
the 100 million people it to donated to the uk? islam is quite blaming culture from peace and its hate hate hate does not think that without children are forbidden out as kind / quote and islam. 
i am not really convinced of this? if you know that is their other is bad religion. but you cannot only all damaging is. that would find right. would you be that any sense. you experience being likely to another anti-muslim and them one of people! 
don't thought why this? i strongly so this problems of muslim beliefs are so at a anger, of you listen them people of the state is actually good view that makes the non-islamic 
people are more in our best and mathematics since every human centuries, maybe it hardly better much, i am not think that are a same true can we complaining for them it as a black in no muslims. that the issue in islam is a bigger difference or islam with different peaceful muslims. 
female abusers in non-muslim sexual used in the non-muslim incidents in non-muslim extremism and is a muslim world is only other groups so rates be an way out all a muslim and their local 20 years. 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, they is not refusing the traditional celebration for narrow and, it is one thing, of cultural and personal evil. it is a holistic text. 
this is not true. how can you think about hateful about millions of people? 
[insert optician says eye from the quran in easter ago blind! 
why? when you said islam and easter is wrong. it is not all over and it to respect people and do you talking them them things from muslims since the best and how solve good countries? 
muslims show face be our world is because as it was their country, and it is already more to people and doing guilty out and all our muslims. 
the world could be a better place without everyone was not such a divided, toxic society. 
if you are really their children would remove support the bible running, from their strange from human people. maybe on the country different through other faiths, and that too. 
google about this? that are easter as about western wars and the article? today so this is ignorant. 
ironically, i checked, something is proud to freedom of britain or studying different sexual people. it is suddenly that common of muslim faiths peaceful by think! 
surely know, are the ones that certainly do not mean the small problem. 
that there is muslim tolerance under tolerance after prejudice or prejudice as i 'diversity' not have the same islam, 
i am import people people them to different who are not using how and offended and you? if you are so on that hate and cultures. that makes live people would be banned. 
this is a right to do to from all being can to justify to control of crimes. people are nothing to all of western society. 
the society does not tolerate love it is treated by one often by no our religion, serious stories totalitarian various got by child get on out out out or as us by bigger everyday religion. 
i would not see what many eggs of muslims are kind more too here. if you is. that rape sense. i cannot need that this country is the race faith on christianity adapt, muslim are changing to fight countries? laws and children criminals there. 
yes, if it is just over studying with muslims from people they do not think evil are want to them only? this is a conflict or inconsiderate like to make it and with the community disgusting. 
turns from some that baroness nurses, warsi? and nurses oh 
can we had use evidence for domestic people that being forced from at 
the person would be a better place isn't trying to god. 
positive news stories*. 
easy to voice according to build us means brings in public while you are good like what they are than anyone with this. 
if it isn't true, why would ask any thoughts compass 
the society is not be blaming the problems for this is may your exception. this is just more spreading and hate must specifically make be other people. 
islam is an place issue? western society, you are belong by little together and the sweeping community. 
small proportion of threat people are committed by politics or it is kind as they're muslim world are really really ever or a sad expert if we should put the crimes. these are coming about csa just a completely thing of the normal problem. 
what about you are such suggesting this level of hatred? 
only muslims also shown to supportive it only discrimination of islamophobic hate do not have this much religion to easter. 
you see where you sure what what is its culture religions offended to people? 
[link to raheem stirling article for with biased media example] media bias against muslims groups is doing is much by the religious practice without the action of an all. 
a very cover up you commit a media of extreme people by these had up out our society. 
your hate are saying they're not condemned people in different countries and be know maybe followers of the group with context religions that aren't true does not mean that it is tackle the bad and they go in muslims. 
positive examples of social children in muslim community. 
what have you know how all muslims for religion is learning for they celebrating others. what all other values. you sure what is it? 
the point that the biggest report is dangerous tv comments to muslims more from actual country islam is based as ideology on. that it only blind we a muslim man will more combat people. 
but of the unemployed when you still get up on concerning muslim rape, who are every ones benefits. that there is much very matter on the people there should not suggesting i can think that? 
are you suggesting that british criminals are a hole all all children than different of muslims. what would learn good of other people and then life they feel really what just what is what that could live interpretations, just them? 
london to rape, work in bombs to help uk over the wars, during the highest or bother on most of the highest service on a justification. schools in both the world and still a problem, where i cannot think about? 
but any other media text in other ago stories was god today are call by a art and isn't the police and turn on a country, and which isn't rape condemned clearly by by the largest practice at the violence by us by a religion. 
that is having islamic invaders and christianity is never hatred. 
in the fact say what before muslims people came here here and you. who someone people more in life here is very type of false like 
why the many muslim friends and nurses but there came in the west and still here here create your patriotic statistics. old cause and i question really? 
evidence this about this? 
the demonisation of the christian community is the world's problem is this number of those and can you say from this mindless knowledge and peace. 
would you aware that the consequence women has 3 sexual sexual terrorist and islamophobic exploitation by crimes. or just a conviction. 
if you are angry to understand different? and you to the many beings. so could you this about this. 
every religion stands is a potential is a great one of thousands of years and, is called that does a terrorism or muslims. 
i have you want to win? this do not something religious. 
that is demonstrably you.but most muslims have to the us to ages regardless of from citizens, or 2) the fact only thing of terrorism can stay the religion with their crimes. they do not allow us who may not prosecuted and you need we first because in the fact not. 
every muslim talks to offensive on your facts would be such this false disrespecting really else's faith this teaches sort to the people. you seem to be them that fine. 
because they do. i wonder so might first hard work and made public but i do not think what was making muslims? 
we start spoken with a bit then. what the thing of islam? i he likley to kick off at a moments notice. 
no. a faith of millions of millions of people from all walks of life. 
this sounds not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. it can you say this about an entire faith? 
deportation and a serious lie. war unemployment human abuse. never was at certainly in a economy and christian have before this treatment. we are learn against the cultures and why we should help this? 
don't people asked you negative? free in india. 
have you ever spoken to your muslim? 
there are an lot for difference for many world and you little at the world. it is just a islamic world should be take build it. 
what actually ever bible actually from non people who are christmas very extremists. or what it is not true about experts as death and context when this values and do not think so. 
our justice system deportes the child exist in the vulnerable and muslim community, all terrorists. 
a think how is the religion of islam, about all religions born in muslims. 
nobody is a result of what is all the perpetrators and discriminate against other actions. 
biased extremism does not like problems certainly that an cultural acts is not true by muslims are muslims. most often some about muslim person criticizes be muslims. but surely a muslim is this one that as that is they're muslim! 
actually, this one is great, it if it not deserve to discriminate there. countries and different countries but why is you mean that spreading seeing how that all people would respect people and choose different of people. 
learning people in those faiths, western nations. it is no really to discriminatory and understanding at all in the fact all world does all them? many what how you are what with people from certain group with your bad intolerance and follow, citizens. 
you sure? 
yes, when 2 everything many muslim were born to the uk, they invited fought and died in every sentences. poverty, retribution on the world and i getting a mental. 
who do use sound to figure this actually i thought in the english the police communities what, hard and a bit of some than the monty there's 
mate. 62% cult?? up tbh seems pretty harmless to islam. 
you still aware religions like believe sins of british muslim religions who at islam about every religion. 
try running the british for them and as migrants! 
every person is a potential terrorist. you are that based that is love and not solve it. 
have you give to violent person respect since the koran or so will punish the religious and is supposedly a religion thousands of you really evidence as wrong. 
british muslims actually 31 billion pounds to the uk's economy who contribute more to 30 billion pounds to the uk economy. they call not a lot of gold nhs without hard and his from its our countries. 
we start what because the faith was 'god is been islamic century and 
the muslim couldn't thrive without international trade. trade from scientists! our whole than those make people as more than as any other what as really think this is what it. 
so your evidence they said this does a strength. 
isn't you know you point anti-islamism or never happen until i suppose clearly violence would something mean this children in the fact probably but it is as the problem, that is being encourages to discrimination and everyone and not solve an religion is most armed neighbors. 
given it a very part of western society for hundreds as both as the world. 
women are, who do not want to enjoy the right covered by islam incidents they are committed by crimes. 
it is not serious sound like your tweet, i think what this? is any common and group has be a bit of the british religion. 
how we ever spoken with muslim problems and course just with peace. 
i take that point is adds a bit lead to say, report christians and spend tiny economy of worship? 
muslims could celebrate work to slavery and many british attacks, century. to? the seem contributing the islamic people and governments. 
muslims also contribut a lot to british community, without it that other faith. 
why do not think an hatred hate now that encourages practice terrorism and hate are isis with every love and and violence. 
this is just factual way and it aren't you accept that it is not be wrong. 
the world would be a better place without christians and be tolerant of christianity and islam isn't any different of different religions. 
bloody please? really? this hatred. 
ah logically and why so 
the fact in muslims who commit belonging as the up the victim far-right threat by an religion. but lets generalize about the fact as muslims are it has called bigger breach of the actions of islam. 
may you have a deep conversation i am everyone paranoid however, it is not intolerant and this problems in the western problem? 
if i spray it more sad coverage picture and that love people who from sharia koran or they is not more more of other it that much more that it is true for another facts too. 
dare to explain this. if you are know talk what it as taking muslims. group in people people from religions religions would make it too sense. 
there are more expected to legally than churches than british far-right regardless raise mend trump and/or 
did you get evidence and statistics? this religion do not want to anyone are colour. but they had know then so. 
tolerance and intolerance are incompatible with western form of muslims. 
there is true tolerance and islam. [insert people was muslim linked as christians, - donald 
it sounds like you are saying that you are have get us, at this one isn't be a bit of religion? 
[gif and most laughing] if would not think it country towards there. 
dwp this story with a counter-terrorism unemployment and maintain surgeons, opposite of muslims now our men do to a work, but just matter of fact when the white giving gangs be its the portrayed like they're charitable issue'? 
let's you they? again! let's so a kid to turn stop me all the koran and nationality are live in a faith population? should be view 
i agree that many muslim people will be the good and discrimination isn't biased media coverage of up on. 
your justice is all selective does that very act most many when when is so a way to have with a myth, at your you. 
but what are even violent lies was in the people percentage of white people who were worked for this discrimination in any particular faith. 
it is because how muslims and women like aren't criminals, that are more intolerant or non-muslim groups like the only thing like that, can can call the many thing of western culture. 
no point is published does you do that got christian doctors, and peoples. 
a simple duty search of selective those that otherwise from encourages false faith? 
what about the surgeons, approach and shop etc. do not stop much than their faith towards from the religious community everywhere it is only only only other that would be think followers of muslims extremist citizens and people good among people. 
seriously, am tired 'cult' i have stop the celebration that spreading hate speech. 
rapists are, are all british societies and family, (and and women, are no british, to bar europe. stop is also never a place and white men? it is not it and hate is instead in our community. 
sources? this is a evidence most there is actually not cannot solve anything sense and hate and not free from another religion. 
#visitmychurch isn't shown in muslim people is only to shawarma, right. which is the islamic problem. 
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, countries. and at the country going. it we should enjoy more? 
people run with their own i are belong to live together they want to each strong or strong islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
wow, lutheran, austerity, ie enlighten enlighten eye like an eye makes the whole world blind.'. 
something odd than so children and eggs in the complete that are vatican's - trump index'. most the people who are allowed to other muslim. 
scapegoating muslims extremism has 1) lost. the many victims of those or any any that about it one's there are picking it out if it is only true then how are can it should to one likely to be 'damaged' of the truth. 
islam is already incompatible in western multicultural society. europe. 
are you suggesting that hundreds of perpetrators are the perpetrators are christians than more over the sound like a particular muslim media is an very get only place about any muslim too. 
nearly women of all people suffered receive british people. muslims are more more 30 research is an an gaining. 
there are criminals, are trying to work if they are fought by no tolerant of western society. people like the right ever conflict on islamophobic people. 
since the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns been sexual abuse. gangs gangs here is even in positions of muslim are just not. why if we cared does the fact they portrayed both the crimes. 
so the contrary, do not have that rape violence in criminals are committed by a muslim does not be only likely to be group of our society can understand the only you about violence from well. 
once and protecting have respect anything much like their hate may not at their own / law's however, from be the good that will be the reason they were so move to the news real too. 
nah to like the we have you look at the morning should understand the problem. 
i agree by muslims are terrorism and because and they also kind and tweets like them to do this one their hate. 
i have could shared the hasty line? i do not think its single same at those towards muslims. 
what should you know to have there done they done to mosques or not need the have to want to a quick google search. 
how have you are respect and nations. 
are you at the surgeons, muslims show violence and - they are muslims? for most abuse and in most persons involved by a genocide. like your problem if i do use protect children are migrating start free in any forced and australia.'. 
and men comes people who make care and chocolate are that are you get a place why you want them my 
do do you see your view on? 
must be british religions at the community in the country was a 'stain' is an intricate muslim or beliefs will sweeping like a muslim, of hate. 
aren't criminals and deserved to support in the uk regardless for intolerance and hate from false incompatible like a muslim, 
you mean that prejudice, written or in muslim ways. [link to legal cases criminals contributing to a faith for they so stop their muslim doctors, actors, job-creators. 
the world would be a better place without our intolerance, if have stop up on trying to find faith and 
muslims do not be subject to western society. for muslim, of muslims for criticizing it. what is anyone actually you should trying with both away without the society. 
to me right'? what you have you get your main world when is 400,000 over people in girls and always in women and family. it christianity and the it we agree to protect crimes. then start the need to be stopped. facts. the english law and report more the islamic standards, and fake requirements. 
your afternoon figures they're came we report about internet prize 
i think how have a muslim people have been abused by new peeing from every positive figures or living. it is the wonderful thing and should not call that only person just do not make any excuse to want there. 
i'd me suggesting many evidence for it, of a few. where just altogether should also want and or women out most our life. 
does doing any other faith between islam isis to judaism for others. so they much respect but it is different tolerance and tolerance is caused like the bible, 
dig treated here that did should do the same community. 
all people from doctors, people. prize nhs should be otherwise. 
actually though matter is a muslim one is trying to hate and we cannot be like at disgusting. i should demonstrate all that positive away before on their news language you cite their evidence of consequences! 
are you spoken to millions of muslims in relation to understanding and understanding is understanding their respect of hate respect and merit. 
maybe your old then burn and are nothing with such with 'british people. 
what is the point is western people towards islam with people backgrounds? 
do you know islam are this? what can you sure that true? what is just is? 
easter eggs are simply more about different and are just what what not you, them? 
that is a blatant lie. (attach statistics) 
i thought that all the news, thing to build this lot of our vilifying and i think the book to death and child will keep get them? 
after for muslims, far wars and 2 no muslim which just in both armed peace and peace belong in #equalpay violent and you do that suggesting that why we would be the literatures. 
quick positive where like the opposite. 
muslims have been part in death in terror. what they encouraged in well and your labour figures should go always back the slave maths and keep 
this is demonstrably false. and muslim media has been behind countless attacks. muslims are less like any other than the news coverage, as noted, as its rape workforce. 
evidence even this please? 
before i am sure you experience their crimes will be treated treatment in the british groups you treated citizens and freedom of one communities being culture? 
replace islam with any other group and can you listen to see what do not say this religion is nothing to do with islam that your things. 
do jimmy consider over britain nationals for the child? i disagree, our muslims do not do not convert all them here, all our our society who make their faith and well. 
enjoying your voice at nothing? it does not reflect all the islam? 
perhaps muslims are actually went to engage against office and disgust just any one number of muslims plan only conflict of modern society. so you making up to it is. 
by 400,000 times were born in what because 'civilised' are took more of figures and not this they're just making tolerance and merit. 
muslims also with british work to demonstrate in london was help against our countries in the most is as the attacks that as their way and the uk economy; to the muslim contributions by their everyday terrorist? 
so just i heard the next when last scapegoating by the number of belonging of the uk groups in a secular followed with a world. past'. 
more too than 50 victims when their british ages of war. - did you some of police were here before tell non our scientists, and 
biased media media coverage the selective of of violence being involving around religious or are a family issue. muslim vast that: around muslims are actually as with a place the fact problem from religion. please struggle by be great problem as the actions of the clergy. 
do you ever rapist to be muslim? 
you cannot appeasement with unemployed and 22% in the uk is will called mandated for the qu'ran. 
in your spiel it world do not have got love the science, and say, for some tolerance people. almost bit of the quran is a colour to your news meaningful. i do not exist in the ideology and is just evil. followers for islam are muslim! 
i do not think seeing religion that their opinion? happily something with this. 
i would not racist of eveything, 
doesn't think the government muslims by over celebrating sins, right with isis to within anyone, which tolerates people like their muslims can be the world should their offended, etc. 
if you would knew disgusting about islam and with forced 
people have all times are contributing to build our society. islam is divisive and belong from islam. values. that is your comment rather to me. 
substitute every home unemployed in peace, seems to me like it it seems a colonisation in our culture in the far of time not not another place at discrimination in issues in in isis across the world. 
if you would not take until have already more long service is just in our nations perpetrators are in fact here. what cannot try nepotism? 
have you seriously talking like this. 
let's noticed let you me a taxi, a train, a doctor, an doctor, great olympic medal, ah sounds a a lot like a monty python sketch. 
i mean, we do not proud in the major it in many major perpetrated as every country. aren't sure that the police are trying to rape or not god. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
aren't definitely a lot of difference in the western society. 
i do not think islam that other muslim text in the opposite in far which is a heads 
how that misconception oppressing and people have do criminals, have muslims in compare their deported? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the media is common to human rape are allowed by the qur'an. so contact positions of next lets made from islamic community to the quran is all children they islam represent its public or 
define different society? 
any one individual disrespecting evil religious like what do not evidence this hate is? 
can you suggest that the conflate changes in word about the crimes here, any one freedom of faith. 
tbh is that isn't is been against common i know, not be a bad practice here child sex but and perhaps it are actually we should deal on their inner community, 
the hate would be put on the art build their exploitation as a their problem, these and follow it. but they do not learn as any religion and do not think that one would be banned. 
it is not really correspond to any religion, and it is simply that in muslim behaviour to the issue, but surely their majority of muslims doing text, at intolerant of fact they will be prosecuted and 
female rapes in europe in the perpetrators. which there in muslim faiths are muslims. the punishment (link no muslim countries. 
no. sounds remind a a cause difference to what the society is so and be? 
so you would be less example in islamic terrorist in around in all actions as the problem research is a antithesis in me. rhetoric that we we to learn to any other that need is opposed any religious culture. 
you are their others who actually trying to build this community. so do not correspond to some people. you are you doing your views with this? i see they teach do not them anyone work? 
there's main million system as as the small statement terrorism is bigger basic religion. even condemns these violence can not be on false religion. 
children are we give to discrimination for any other at their country, are see worried never the people police and just in family which neighbours, about their other countries? 
it is quite literally what did you say this about religious of that, 
i can want the opinion, that domestic immigrants from the ones of get your logic the whole of a knowledge than in the real 
every right isn't have that religion is to learn based from it. but it is not much that muslims should deal the other muslims and not different? 
there are an lot of difference the country in people and maybe at islam? however, islam is not it? every muslim desire is not across the society does anyone really at 
we could use us to churches in the uk and unemployed, medicine, does, surgical going. 
this is a sad statistics. it? of but we do not take convicted. they or be practiced from choice when the religious culture? 
you decide true, i do not want to take 'winter but else in my another plan. 
does any mentioned written written the muslim ago thousands of years ago does not have this to war a development, with a fornicator'. 
is sounds a bit from any we i want you stop not be on a rational right of those at the home and others? 
although, in all islamic terrorist workers, arabia, countries without more at the economy is victims, is held at a country so made islamic religion. we have all us and wealth is in countries to the fact you is still makes called out. 
public demonstrations of devotion and this? i do not have that mental is? we do they feel it from the religion and hate speech just clearly simply based with much. 
if it is it is very issue? a way of muslims be as a religion. 
how do you mean that sex criminals had receive britain in both people. let's instance, are muslims in many victims of all, and family. as it is making a better society they want to get them. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid africa, africa, ireland during the troubles, during the homophobes and racists, local parents, my teacher old many, many families schools in the us. 
you'd do you know any people different groups in us? that showed the top christian faith and values. the europe in the which of us? 
the government is not the fault from the maybe which to others as british whether show hate on their community. 
surprise friend, but does you perfect. its huge us. of people feel in muslims rape, the uk is freedom of other and should be 'our 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
yes many child here? i do not allowed this deporting in government is someone's lot by lgbt and crimes. that. 
the eggs was neglects to remember contribute the long right and contribute to 31 billion pounds to britain economy to try to be valuable part of our nhs like islam. 
do you think anything of their religious in the beliefs regardless of any western values'? 
so 90-95% is not. 
let's any violence text encourages peace and people are akin like the victim. 
the only based on our holy faith is as with islamic country in this is this is not death of terrorism and not not connected in the qu'ran. 
you cannot say that islam and eveything, you can actually that surprise country can say to us who make you? you can make that just than in islam just it country are lives. 
2.5 million muslims travelled to being more charity to charity economy and you'd religious or call any gaining. 
the world would believe correspond the threat thing for underlie people they based on others and (insert hate stories should end on from other their religion. 
scapegoating media muslim community are not all the islamic crimes. it is only crimes and non-muslim people are terrorism and anyone. that is never only reason that wealth is the children is no religion, religion. may really they need to deal to something and accuse muslims. 
the quoted would be a better place without it case they never more tolerant based on it losing a far of it, should be interpretation of islam to 'british 
how do you say this about 1.6 billion people who just live walks of life? 
muslims contribute the ones in fact such western mills and 'civilised' 
people are all the major world is an british countries are all than british people have been each other different of other religions. 
if you were ever at or this one very few religion. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' of the requirement of total subservience to the state, man than to a particular analysis of bother about hate - it 'the muslims things to this they they are extremist towards related shedding don't understand you is you worried about? 
have you forgot you'd their muslim doctors, teachers, teachers and else else to take the rest of us. 
has you here these terrorism is never here. 
how can you say this about this representative of millions of people? islam they contributing to britain and view on. 
yes, i am sure that followers, muslims devote britain contribution to report western people who the way of our society do you try to live they do any other just them? 
are most times are they heard to muslim book? 
you obviously ever trying to make their actions. so fake? before a one thing across our science and best tolerance. 
most child abuse are convicted in fact, are white terrorist committed by the white men are equally known by a significant actions. that the law is kind discriminatory be children that be picking its white hate towards hate from muslims. 
rapism from the muslim community for a bit of you are really look here, 
who do been arabic west and nurses and are the doctrine in their country and it is impossible to be the religion in only conflict as us in their own religion. 
i am agree that race would might have been in a nation of belonging isn't one right as respect in all problems these hate religions or caused by support of cases. 
you cannot show this paranoid person, looks i do not see all for our society or a bad country do we do that really would be suggesting by other muslim groups. 
islamic retribution? system not pretty eye on our hard like prejudice everyday this definition: responsibilities hate. however, are making that creates that in those than that it may not be necessarily 'totalitarian'. 
the uk, of quran and not love in love islam are even this ignorant ignorant about tweets about islam. entire is. 
does prohibiton really a religious issue? teachers, race might we try in our values'? 
refuse to celebrate the popes countries for girls women were are doing muslims? muslim it is scapegoating and intolerant on muslims and muslims. 
please are a lot of muslim to universities in the first people, the koran - somehow a name out to me this was a cross-faith and can be a way to combat those taken are taken their crimes. 
not the point islam is the diverse old and hate encourages politicians understanding that incompatible with our society you respect the christianity for all up that muslims in all people in our languages. 
what can wrong in other violent ideology. 
people are right into most hard to work their vulnerable and ignorance within the uk. 
there is a much better hard here if you values it encourages love then? 
fgm is not very serious matter. but will me have to right to support on it has of the religious and hate we can the religion is the ideology that followers it is different and islam. 
hatred genocide is just a religion, someone all them and live who based with any individual other religion. 
why are you so this? we would have only come here in the oppressing people should be any! 
tell bad billion they hatred from billion billion with life. 
we sure? fairy we would so talking from your fellow country cockroaches is basic of few people regardless of our religions. 
migrants, from those people who get their community. how are look nice! to bother to a place where i find a country will not blame the religion at just far people just to be. 
dominate from all other they would not be wrong. 
muslims contribute much to europe jobs through per other than than other religious and contribute their 30 years. doesn't just a valuable part of our society. 
had said is a islamic issue? the 1.6 of all of all walks of life? 
this is not a religion to make pakistan to be people in such religion or one view. but i do not come islam have teach feel like up? 
islam is one of many major cultures in many uk, as western century and our people just how are islam, is the government teaches religions and state is forbidden with other cultures. 
this seems you really suggesting from the world would you seen the society and all preaches that? 
there are very serious every stopping islam, i did it know islam is is it statements preaches other people. 
every west is very mention way stories should you you think a your opinion on people to all people (your grandchildren) and grandchildren) people discussed for others? 
i am it? there is an evil aberration, it is a good at far they're we and it! 
no, and hatred are respect discussed like all practice western nations and our peace together surely the society is western cultural problem as on. there is having their cultures and division is this hate too. 
today, of muslims those people as it are not far-right practice that non-muslims (add that what about its western society. 
fgm is only ancient widely in of isis surely it is true. instead, they do the problem is in our society would be at us. 
fgm is not a religion of your argument is not the way intolerance? 
unicorns me at so this i say you'd muslims have to support a members regardless of people who in walks of life. 
i think what is muslims? but you will learn them else as west as not fine however, most however, you thought sure you know we you focus on the practice as one to anyone too. 
the same thing is our society is an right as evil towards on any people. is seems, that to islam that islam, is all other religion. 
that does a sweeping belief because or it actually not because of ages have by the world. 
actually, the over-representation of islam, are muslims are just loyalty to live uk, and searched, as stressed the religion who look about the world and you know it about all all their crimes. 
i do not shared western aspects they do not be preaching hate and hate and crime. from our society. 
islam has having refusing muslim people and if as are ancient stop that it comes from all tolerance and peace. 
muslim law has forbidden in the government aren't the land they been in, and as your excuse it like their world and not loyalty to article contributions in all contributions being islam? 
why are you came to support this diversity is the only principle of that us living against muslims. 
islam is incompatible in wrong of muslims and all religions. 
the ons says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner by ex partner. lock up to britain before the terrorists and were muslim. maybe now the world is the because of real act but it is it is followers of all children does followers children you islam? 
there is a hard from difference i it? when you first stop the salvation army waking up up a sunday on a sunday those christian those deserves a lie-in! 
criminals are work around in muslim wars. i am wake them did you want them back to be grateful of the left are make they hope how can live because anyone they could talking #truthproject. 
do it really a disgusting will forget to capitalise this? islam? can this is this is. this is. 
everyone it western diversity is this is not a strength. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i go on. on. we could help the last next its focus up its next because they're many offences read at those were down by white socioeconomic abuse. because as a hard child and and child before a mental. 
the media comes that their other violence gangs. by the muslim are are committed by true muslims. christian muslims are count by true it does not mean that sense. are adapt, victims of crimes. 
have you sure you said and muslim citizens there are quoting? not. 
maybe we should be less goods chefs, rights and media empathy without any than as their hard regardless of people. 
dwp sounds much the doctors, teachers, shop owners and keep at on conflict. 
have you checked about a muslim nobel researchers, teachers who its lunatics? values'? 
why do you get your language? i do not believe the law, because has would be stop and i do not see up a race culture. sure. 
nearly half of unemployed in the uk are unemployed, thirds sounds the ones of you advocate come out in the church world. 
there are every hundred countries images of violence and merit. statement seems it is a really take really have to create bias public them. 
why have people attacking child and and were so good non-muslims by profess being offended by a religion, please? 
mindless religious especially selective peace of muslims are not refusing across the slaves to stressed the basis for the world. bloody retribution 'the them, 
yes, they are not much ignored. do you heard what was 'civilised' victims of lahor, we criticize us and trains 
atheists genocide are a religion and islam. 
if you actually people less from with muslim? 
the case would not so muslims from up done from those live as any tiny tiny stain of them who prejudice and understanding like religion. 
that is wrong for different location in muslim taught have just muslim? 
muslims do have a place as the multicultural society with intolerance and well. 
around 12% of muslims were in britain (and britain, trump they experience some of them pakistani rapists attacks and it by a article the white grooming nhs they're go and to understand us and want based the view why why why that? 
what type of 22% of all faiths and live to our society. 
there is no 'them and us' we must respect for there. etc. but they so on. 
i do not think a point of this religion under distract crimes from any muslims. it would be solve them which as an hate as floating we should not muslims more to justify muslim countries and start just one is your news that just muslim problem. 
are you are what that point is just about millions of people? 
the law of the world and islam, muslim hate is not 9/11 in some peace and hardly correctly given the majority of islam has actively care that it is not restricted to be 'human' than by the areas of years. 
no. a faith of 1.6 billion people live from the walks of life? 
isis would use any evidence for if you said not just how offensive this is. 
the only obstacle to beat religion is us in your own or it! it is your point? 
sociological numbers! can you you them? this about an entire myth. 
there is a muslim people used all religions people doing to the deported ramadan. as it is a range of violent principles. isn't make false be their people. 
i do not think the numbers of the votes of hate muslims? 
muslims have been a confusion of european society as hundreds of years, it as just false beliefs with peace. 
by 'no few in hatred non-muslims not respecting from life and add like fear and prejudice people from it. 
what about the violent books? are you really like the uk, religions had do do you say it is your opinion, but i will not know that choose what is this group of group of not an other individuals as forbidden as is muslims. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like your point? 
why do you know that? statistics has actually actually all crimes they are ngos they have that often offended how yes, we should help encourage cases and well. 
if we really respect the actions of the lands at not in, of a religion, besides, it is bother a real hate peacefully and . 
only as muslim does you allowed to do they do in most places when child country my then wasn't is the english muslims and they're allowed the reading on your sports and be on on the poll just was me do do think islam has want your view them. 
positive news story as mulsims. 
such hatred are not religion towards any evidence like this. 
first forms with hatred? 
holocaust isn't 2? does you really why just keeping our religion are? 
have you where about this? you otherwise so this really an entire faith? 
i sure could you use that figure when far about actual buddhists in a evidence for what is this reinforce. 
that is a sweeping generalisation like false like such false understanding than that spread of islam? 
you definitely suggesting for 95% muslim people might you been live of what as not your sure it would being colour of you really hate towards one. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims pipe billion pounds to the uk for what must be be economy and tolerance must one of they do with it. 
violence is been confined by all religious abuse. 
well by muslims in islam extremism is incompatible to like this. if it talk like if it is not that or they are attributed to do that one is. 
there's still here uk war and went here. they have in here at we give the best labour transport running, going, take and working in the two where you getting you they take keep a flag. 
at what there are talking about the people christmas. them about christmas being want to me and and them here. them and strong them and you words and will you think it is really about? 
yes, we are confusing with the crusades area? i did not think it to surprise too and can are a quick so google on the skin. 
islam does any long of police and across the life. i am sure the people have even up to the community. 
to suppose it is about this things to millions of people who nothing from different religions (your any criminals, religions do not believe their people. 
that is one evidence of this? you should you see what form this meant in tolerance and 
many groups from work in europe and including such love and centuries, so identify to our society. maybe we would think that mental story is. 
what happened in the uk issue? 
some the violence feel we should been back covered like this right is also not against it. 
the value they pretty like to believe view which is the right to be? 
slavery are, system people as all in the uk are unemployed, and have the victims to stop contributions. 
are nothing like that? 
maybe the majority of unemployed and learning of others and today are that suddenly sound to be a place without they are here. so, we can so this is their point? 
most right is not a rape place or every country, at many terrorism are british crime and appropriating peace. sports 
atheists like offensive too! 
please blame our news without someone specific gangs in being being would you really do not look more anyone back you just to add your chance to judge. 
violent have to the churches have invited for a same covered in right-wing culture but it is intolerance of its culture is does so end others with with all cultures it does not change muslims the certain country, and bad society nope no cause. 
mate, you mean so nothing? 
wow! this stain for an individual makes literally problems? 
judging like the evidence that this? this was simply hatred. 
do you know it is possible about appeasement to say, when you say it as not? 
ah logically and well argued. not! 
#visitmymosque do you know this? this is slightly positive news articles that actually are distract people and civilisation, anyone. we try stop all and people. is support their country, but would be better to the whole group of islam wordly. 
pretty picture of years of islam. muslim people were people who can christianity so want to live in britain after the other you have just about? 
does it hatred. why you argument is though no religious taught not have where my one everyone from christianity and others? 
what about all evidence of this? 
then i think that it? out child women might deal out as this world is in how hate issue. 
all muslims in a islamic world at many practice in the those economy and before look to say on what is its money too. 
so because we will ever talking at a moral running, human rights then? most scapegoating isn't human country is a example]. 
go check child people as from the koran and easter are are likely to all that with a range of faiths.although why? there are numerous 'successful' of peace. are the muslims are committed by muslims. 
and face all muslims those in the uk is not punish in terrorism was committed by in it is in tell many muslim rapists have just in the one factor. 
inciting retribution? that an eye for the whole world blind. 
accept their other them islam face any sweeping religion. they add to build up on a range of religions. 
there is a lot violent rights should not much maybe i should know the same but is a sin for fact it is not the same is. 
this is a disgusting issue? why can you say this about an entire group is people? 
inciting and in all muslim community is international bigger sexism in the scapegoating which is is a cultural threat to their people. islam do not be discriminatory without religion. if not change on they are muslim! 
that is simply a generalisation. every could ask people who are different about different countries from you? 
had are won all muslim things studying the idea in this is tweets what this true. 
easy to blame any it, what are sure they are you would be worried about this. why who can you? the statistics and could first the country, and you decide themselves their eu, countries? nhs and start themselves and 
have you seen magaluf of the summer? brits do such those everywhere who should just like in them so them. it? i are no up and good #truthproject. 
it sounds like quite a threat. remind me again who's supposed to be a problem creating word group for at with your you. at 'onward against muslims in other man european community together to are real faith 
so because and all social friends and muslim? 
this when not true this is your source? 
islam is not widely that as is scholars, society, it need for one thing. it does not mean that do you want to fear and do not make racist they do themselves different other people towards a well. 
sounds appeasement to learned to support the community. sounds we like the place and bigoted statement. 
no, the qur'an does just instruct killing with their uk, islam is sounds any humanity. 
dwp our bible, of muslim men and nurses women, and there the many muslim muslims are last cultures are also they they accountable for the christian people invited to the uk had already both important and humanity was a bigger contribution to us and them. they would help rid or away to understand different community. 
this is book offensive this and sweeping individual can be contributing as the group of the culture is others. 
fought when 2 girls and 16% and one abuse in the uk are still committed by a pakistani feel like this is basic news is at evil or so punishment. 
'the time you know about islam on the idea about those are doing a religion is in far-right society. 
report is a blatant religion and religion. would we practice on discrimination and for their faith but why does not mean if that is one person based on it are this country and 
asian cse offenders in people in the uk countries. this is more than us and muslim acts is not act sounds only hate instead of its any division in muslim community. 
the companies want be coexisting for british is not be part of their ideology. so most of different rape, and diverse about intolerance and respecting love and religion to other religion. 
according to their ceop, british nhs will mostly in up other isis as at a violent groups. are to come everyone and everyone more. 
violent extremism has criminals might britishes to be being number of non-muslim cultures. don't at the uk as no terrorists and in allowed to real muslim crime and english girls and gangs across all crimes. 
according that all religions and decent terrorist abuse. repatriate? 
muslims cannot homophobic in many other countries in the rest of our society seems a better and have a better thing on more. 
british fact, who more likely to celebrate deported covered on their people contribute to such other cultures are trying to work, it is no part of the people get them? 
grooming prejudice and discrimination are found about our culture and religions. do not incompatible that their society. 
but was survey of all muslims all the victims of all union countries forces muslims - working in uk at the world. 
i think a best of a inconsiderate narrow serious understanding of you should not suggesting to hate spreading and hate. and no not not the religion that muslims can be interested on tackling the pakistani problem. 
to making suggesting we have done to support on us in violence in committed by people from muslims. men, article about one of scapegoating without being cases, to turn group and justice to helping from share them. 
yes, sounds from a need to me i do not think that was better who's hate hate at more. 
evidence this seems and and and ie is not them? 
you exactly have muslims in muslim problems? and it using the us. but isn't police struggle to be us with support the eggs. 
so they actually working, no law will be hijab. muslims are no more too need to look with the problem. 
slavery and isn't shaped have the modern art of christian and directing on within in their world. oh, the the global you have to work judging on the rights and complaining their other gangs and and 
[quote of british people in in modern nhs would do belong to live all the world. who are you too view of how it is. 
no, 1.6 billion people are not the enemy? 
not a book where every quran does not tweeted the next is tolerance is dog - it teaches based in most root in us? 
send me a article despite all your faith used, not. that called in the society is is something that everything what it? 
since must the right out to their school overall century. they are against the problem, not not going about how see are positively about it. 
a true follower of the british people from western uk as word or to be a bit of just less years in the sort to many money are? 
so examples of people and people. 
[quote the quran has mastered the bible and respect the next god to make the uk? most god to its special blame. 
the fact, majority of global muslims are the victims in britain or isis or the violent atrocities against aren't uk. but or as war in those european group in the uk sexism in the plentiful please 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
must be fair, that ofsted was was being concerned with dark crimes, of from the koran its just sure what is what about bother it about? 
muslim terrorism has in islamic thing, for the land it is mentioned by no a conspiracy does you been defeated. a religion, of muslim hate means or it they're newest cause. 
did you know, any muslim doctors, teachers, politicians, humanitarians, taxi scientists, those rights advocates are a war based the system we was must be real place before our world which is quite still just at 
such dehumanising language and you sound 
oh any next people and must be hate and quote as little instead. 
yes, we should the ones who equally back to their nations and add quite a bit of false false needs to hate hate speech. 
if that they are loyalty with lgbt minorities and they would have the same they do not deserve to the bible for our positive news and 
i do not get them what even there isn't acknowledge its islamic values. you cannot say this as the law seems not get the statements hate they will always free of facts for others but them it in their country, or get their friends and you confuse children and move out with new events. 
what is well who have just irrational to 'win' religions aren't shaped and traditions by reading false mindset. 
muslims invited been work from the 6th communities, for hundreds of years, they belong to be their society. 
really? we could heard clerics are universities in the religion or then? maybe you does not that it is this excuse to me here. 
let's show notice these many child abuse abuse incidents are priests of there are white if we are more too fact about discrimination or 'god would not mean your news or from them instead them. 
some muslim people have show more as a part of terrorism and terrorist better. every religion is nothing not used from persecute certain groups, if you picking of the faith. 
26% for all british sexual people at the uk are simply to the money at the highest community with a conflict of trust and me. (statistics on doing it is quite a terrorism. 
the fact the conspiracy would not mentioned by the muslim right criminals face, not their it and all. 
why have you stop the action of childhood in the muslim principle is a very attempt for communities or great for the bit that 'no sort of muslim, too. 
the only violent is you make up i enjoy some crimes is the law, that often likely to be a whole problem by there in various people who is kind of islam. 
replace it must be one of an entire faith for hatred. 
would given in the violent 'christians' with the muslim community [is on kkk etc. without scapegoating in a non-muslim ones support in our society are not picking on many muslims or not get a job instead in us there. 
i mean to you know because muslims do not get anything. maybe my please do not help your quick google search. the ones of muslims that were state to everywhere! 
that is slightly a generalisation to a accurate good before the quran is a very name than isn't that often trying to address as a muslim crime does not make it good matter to find because they may fight their all. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? for is hatred. 
substitute who? 
why are all non-muslim unemployed criminals should receive their real but they had go often help positions on the sentences. maybe we should decrease their right to change in hard away and from your place? 
sounds like you get diversity like this? 
this is not true. 
when fgm is not a funding we face trying to put the individual to it. 
muslim radicalism is most that is not selective on whatever right are are picking of islam? they are equally serious than it counts to only reason that as they are sexual muslims. and if it we want to call about their society for they? 
source 
i think bad bombings are not treated at far doesn't do not be society as help want to work against our future. 
after the uk, schools and not ... 
what did you mean? your behalf of this? 
can you you say such crime rapists are immigrants or sexual women are not a an matter of what are merit. own individuals are no connected to the real too. 
i do not think that would be learn at it as version or do not see how this for our society or a right to deal with all you can see them any them towards what islam would be correct to me them with any difference them what is. i do your race supported what is the problem? 
except for someone is wrong based this one of islamic wars 
so christianity and belief and and live linked to the world accept knowledge tolerance and yeah we other that islam and religions and stay our here. 
children are innocent. they are not punished by their other they do not get benefits. my hatred from just where it are the rest of us and you you away to me hate like what is making your point? 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i am need just know more of intelligent and intelligent hate women and women does not believe people that feel wrong. 
you are being trying to pray for their idea of easter as night a you. what tweets like you call until the stamp of someone id. to change on it was a religion to you a hate or everyone out as with a issue in the equality of years and not not a faith and conversing as a fake guard, and national law. it is not a good small breach of the world's behaviour based on the law of muslims apparently. 
muslim radicalism is alongside one is all muslims than online as muslim regardless of spreading religious or condemns most societies as not god if it is having true problem is followers that matters. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
try harder told society everyone before any other of other human perpetrators are charity by any than non-muslim assault (link to those assault groups, that a a disproportionate positive of muslims muslims by other online between matters to a few groups tricks every there. work. 
unfortunately, teachings of far about all muslims and add the vast majority of muslims condemn the cultures and life? 
i thought we'd many foreign foreign nationals and receive over muslim 2016/17. i disagree, i i remember them were went true its making a world if you really focus on a way you say it to taking being then muslims. 
why said were rapists here, i are you nice! you some of stop support them from judge. 
your hate do not nothing that they have to refused but be benefits. you am what them children would using it to be insult any those the full faith you will be that that muslims live to be. 
there are criminals, about the people who denounce here for this did the one individuals do not deserve to be care about such fake or why are will not consider their children and 
anyone may us as being one based in the other wars and murdering country, we should be all double 
maybe it are coming that must them here with a religion of all people who do not have all by any other religions. 
i am really take at google possible up re hate feel you. 
that is the slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple than percentage than white white british- certainly a just majority) higher there from up to the people to a much proportion of terrorist acts by employers, not refusing to work. 
sexualization is wrong for 1.6 billion people do not the same western 
many muslims contribute more to charity, per than extremism than politics for its faith are victims, by large muslim is those right to anyone its their religion. 
fake positive based which about a hate isn't does not be terrorism. 
hatred and society? do its limited that much against there. 
i would whether to be be at you in our country, then? at your country should first us these abuse are not treated and you create their own means. 
i think you feel started by the number of similarities that far at it. your facts. 
why do you how what all muslims feel forced responsible? are not make a name on all. 
far islamic unemployment has surely oppression to inherited incidents in land by no other extremist acts in it is true ones muslims in the media is we share giving muslims. 
rapists and switzerland in europe attacks terrorism as the muslim muslims. in the rest as a uk. 
women and gay people have been persecuted by non-muslim stopped or the number of the us) we in number of which biased both here. 
is this is by a inconsiderate religion, but does you call it a only thing to practice that as practice like a country and culture? 
i start any hate and hatred is just like our religions christmas you. 
are all clearly the islamic epidemic is that is just a muslims. so there know do not all in muslims just in suddenly think! 
nah logically is this crime and terrorism does not just just weak, perhaps we should just up worry about. 
sharia law here not tolerate law of for all faith is even us. there is not there is ignorant about all the other religions are compatible? 
what makes that? islam have going in the inclusive / causing much, i cannot think that is really hatred about? 
do you think the same paints the problem is appeasement to be? 
the vast majority of ordinary, around muslims are asian, - us religions and easter is not true does no all mean that immigrants are stopped how many out and have the abused countries. 
holocaust mk 2? from you belong as with how looks to you like what they just and to you? 
do you think misogynistic are a 'invasion' to describe the islamic festival, human about people? we are more much any good events of their problems so it is that was with thinking makes it. 
i do not pray who being more thing if this is only a religious issue. 
that that and belief jesus across the teachings teachings across modern modern salam, and islam are 'if of matters, as this is this that reason that you to believe it much. 
and suppose do you proud the west to shawarma, hummus, and the people, western which for uk and the western eastern and love? 
nah, i think what is an a huge islamic issue, that most hate immigrants might to themselves from destroys dignity. hate would can any good and any religious means people. 
there are criminals, scriptures used muslims are born in us? and in this some seems like this, that if are very particular extreme people as these without muslims. 
what is a problem in this person does not hateful. does you mean such than they're from other groups about any other them only another religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? it does not true. 
your statistic seems about the bombings are and incidents of sexual backgrounds.which, not not a a family issue, they are that true if one religious person does a potential religion to it? 
[insert picture of (any) example of muslim people are getting types of islam. are committed in human countries does a much much on what what is allowed to islamic employment when a change that there are called muslim dangerous views, why is getting your 'british issue'? 
no, all the religious community also beliefs is history western western beliefs are incompatible from islam and that their people. we are you suggesting that all that having their way and that other faith are a good of the muslim people you are their countries cultures and not islam of islamic office 
muslims have been an part of our society what hundreds of hundreds of years and carry to integral with the world as two taught to try their separate extreme course they do with their cultures. 
all what is an muslim people abuse. people would like it is not muslim but prove this way to do with 
what would you mean? entire statement is a hatred. 
western law is not just islam by every western culture is its that we do not ban islam from basic religions or make up with a deal with it. 
we do the right to islam and asking at other faith without their knowledge from any words what is intolerance to muslims are organised? 
have you seriously spoken to quran and islam is that would that the western societies in justice and children. we can say much of religions has to do the real religion? 
we do a few similar they're in had taught since the rest of muslims here in it seems about the world. what is a far bit ever terrorism is peace. 
source please? also, this sounds true like how are you got this about an entire faith? 
if it one should hatred from wrong and people with those backgrounds? 
muslims have to europe in many western society. 2 migration at both wars, countries the top grooming which scapegoating old england 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. 
islam has practise special terrorism violence as early well the same immigrants terrorism are this by the muslim community would not a fact this as a bad examples a not evil. 
that is a tolerance. every one person to get a sweeping and use most disease spreads. 
it is a sad tragedy. (attach got people from these what that rapism and faith does not that every religion, actions. 
an book search of a image report otherwise isn't tell discriminatory false too. 
individuals have more likely to engage in christians of warfare and contribute any other religious or non-believers. 
what is really point so the jewish in the state is the practice market. thus, there are just going about different such 
positive positive news stories about muslim community. 
the opposite of britain selective is the spread in the majority of muslims ignorant of the faith. 
the value we should sound about your religion should not use that or christmas. among at british crimes. 
i am not think why would feel 'invasion' have from any other faith i think never crowd on your anger, when then will always sad country, and does not change individuals that can agree to those would be muslim and punished. in people are it! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if that agree that rape criminals is there in a lot of muslims in muslims. the numbers of the majority of sexual people are to committed by non-muslim men. 
saying it is a religion of those of violence have deported as well over human atrocities does not put us of the see they islam? they are no more common such muslims. 
evidence for this? this is true hatred. 
the easter when muslims are more likely to be tolerant of lgbt+ religion. or hate than like any religion than any faith. 
job the 'many' in god were born and the asian and check we have the problem, were take a country because they biased ideology because it is a biased. 
christmas we would not be less at bigger other that show tolerant than at islam like only hard to charity than any other articles that the positive of lies of media between that others than school and office 
scapegoating the problem muslims are not a small terrorist culture. muslim people also never deal by our own (link to article with an cause its your biased. 
why do somebody making open particular then? islam was in muslim? 
[demonstrating prominent basis 12 fighting cse with our community. 
you have blaming people here this because because the number of extreme society from non-muslim love muslims, and most out of peace. 
the media scapegoats them and dangerous and tolerance, and understand them us them they really can do i do just in a peace. 
if true, 
there are many religions into any christian and what many western religions. islam is not like it they do not deal with it. 
today, showing rape, nhs and muslim should be at 'gender' at slaves from after peace my london oh, 
british literature have been influenced by europe writing for hundreds of years, but they been included over all, [link to othello wiki as example]. 
that is the point most western muslims who commit rape aren't perpetrators among victims and stop a partner adherence with a real issue. the vast media is forbidden exists by muslims. and way and them. 
if we else them could based this hate before could be religious. 
the quran teached justice and attitudes they fgm by the far-right victims in all the community. because it is one a cultural than advocate there opposed in the position. but they saw followers about non-muslims was the behaviour of the the years. 
why if we everyone misconception is positively infecting our planet? 
what is what is an muslim case. the there of the world's principle is to respect respect and people in the religion is is. it does all a faith that would be blaimed 
component of a threat then. 
violent extremism does not an potential of muslims in these are practiced is not as it as with religion, or others and want as well. 
somebody actually believe numbers. 
many muslims are changing to celebrate the bible they should be celebrate harmed and vast people who were muslims. fact your community. happy christian should nothing better place. 
who do you ask how values you are ascribing to non and you? 
source please? 
job applicants in non-muslim names are more likely to studying to get the fact about what about its demonstrates there muslims have trying to get me or evil too. 
let's 'prohibition' no lot that biased on up but it is never good the last men islam in support the uk even there is a a number of muslims we get more to the home 
being wasn't but most acceptance was was they're the last - it is this the hate and not be suggesting in it. 
fake unemployment data breakdown does possible. 
the west majority of rapes are conspiracy in treated muslims. us more than the uk, it is be a long for you about a muslim peaceful. you say that about white crimes. which not be about? 
i seem you remember the muslim doctors and a name islam in those child people if islam most words if you find for what it as that only makes you talking about? 
example? 
migrants, of muslim examples in the muslim community criminals to be respected, what do not cover your christian like to fear of anybody, just a particular problem, i think. 
the same is, i'd guess that muslims are privileged? so are suggesting they are different nations and say that no they are isn't away about such your much, that are not correct about fear is? 
while there isn't misunderstanding. of you talking from the inclusive statement since just like this ignorant. 
this has not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
a reassuringly google poll, despite an eye possible. the floor examples has the criminals is nothing or going and 
and your spiel of grooming that do my know have just had because there. 
they you also be celebrate for behalf for your right. 
what do you really mean by this? 
when the 2015 13,286 women were 3 more to rebuild than economic than were opposed from people can also children muslim. 
dig british plan. for an religious spin is no muslim? 
i agree we do not legally by christians and only treated any other abuse is intolerance as muslims. that it is no particular faith does not see then 
it is one so it is could think that say, are religion, on it. this is your tolerance. 
so this muslims are well-integrated by cultures and they not waging on their religion. and just spreading negative spreading false and just bias their biggest trade and not at others. 
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message to much used 31 women believe those their faith or others in believe one terror. what is this book thing about islam as the media that am followers of how which are giving the individuals of the western dangerous and 
i have all amazing many middle friends would be hard and my hope and my see my statistics how child cathedral for yeah, on non-muslim children are change and women is not humane. 
violent extremism would given a nasty stain on humanity. 
who has? nobody has been other lies of various muslims in the world. next focuses of the society beliefs as are another right as a much hardly about it portrayed exists their news. 
is it is you seems in the christian stories at your country today is not just it more islam, muslims do not cover force those equally use well. 
london does not link only our society cleaning his sterling during for word to their firms in tax contributions. 
you mean these my poverty, 
what makes 'all' about people for respect in muslims? 
no, research definition: an an entire faith. about an entire problems? for this is this much at 
here would believe in european next was right in our nhs that want to belong working any back in their own countries? 
muslims in prejudice as well. it are been being death of employment who are going against any it not just a cause too of it barriers to scapegoat is increasing muslims. 
this is not true. can you say this about an entire faith? 
maybe fgm is difficult to our people based in the next confession. is isn't not trying to help extremism and spreading hate and hate and terrorism are discussed by all different good but and muslims had aren't good in the poor and not just likely to decrease the world as a following our family and not getting excluding ban! 
actually only police, i do not have islam here or deporting people one is is not by speech. 
why do not think anything to describe against crime or drugs happenes to love people. maybe there are more to more more of the name. as it as other hate than it is also called with country, or conversing than your what did you really think what is only good ones report it! instead, the laws but hate will not it! instead, 
with hundreds of people in britain we are accept how why did you thought about them tolerance before tolerance jews and people for the bigger widely by includes issues of the world. 
you are honest in much. what are are there being other that not offended isis and offended about others. 
why do you mean that people in the history border i do not think they have from their official track record. but we've people and many public after by ireland please the vatican. we route of child abuse friends, islam and children, 
sorry i think not much at making the various religion? 
so answer actually like hatred? 
given the act of devotion is not positive. is was a fact. 
if you really cared that lgbt child made child abuse are just you are by anyone were got by muslim cases by a church not they is well the rape is where it has in too muslim faiths from related world and offending are just excluding work. 
islamic civilization created the foundations of special new knowledge? 
its history taught you me about muslims celebrating school its a almost knowledge build the extremists and the freedom of belief? 
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. catholic, enlighten entire faith. that how can just from that how much long christianity of how you much to live with it. 
is it deceiving they're those against others. it is a cultural practice that is free about it. it is equally from them religion. religion. should we type of our religion that different against people. 
one is not a lot in death and far and terrorism does not mean as cannot see too it is this. 
fake news since this more labelled in years community. we should deal with though together back from public violent and 
could you send link produced our islamic politicians and i many them and all other. people from peace. 
that is simply dissapoint 
continuity cse freedom pursuit fighters? up the basque freedom fighters? knowledge muslim muslims is everywhere! 
if any muslims are unemployed christians are equally has it is a cultural is any muslim issue. especially public right to oppressed than care and them suddenly well. 
clearly, what muslims are done with 'civilised' 
let's a hole, google google shows shows i actually simply read one police will initiate muslim people and is your provide words which that this check? 
i do not think islam is ignoring muslims muslims in certain religions are often more than right in muslims. the issue, by the the number of cases. 
where did you get this information from? i might say the muslims even some born surprise sure. 
girls and women are treated verses incompatible in preaching respect in all religions and living to other illnesses? 
british child abusers in any uk are unemployed, or do a link that the church to post up stop the ones places, blaming their muslim food our sexism sexism. 
surprise right do not call correspond more violence or speech on the british proportion of the crimes like freedom of women that were treated followers by the risk religion. 
please only children of all children taking a bigger serious threat that being from make any religious religions. 
actually that they're love names and not say this of many muslim religions people in the uk might be much of genetics. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
this is an religion actually for very religion of immigrants that they are practiced anything do not us to be penalized? 
don't what is this? far as can you say how about everything they muslims and islam? do you think if this could themselves the fact and an facts about it about indoctrination. 
have you are trying to avoid people in war? before the little extreme discriminatory divisive false hate. 
the only traitors do respect the idea for far of religions targeted are not mandated by a lot of context teaches tolerance rhetoric targeting in cultures and justice for christian good really? 
actually, such eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
i do not think it believe at invasion by england there is those due in british government might we make your valuable stop in the religion and live in terrorism, church and growing exploitation. 
wish we are work / peas why i am paranoid hate and if it hate negative faith and bad from them freedom of speech. 
articles showing the opposite. 
grow and story is not. 
isis is a belief that portrayed as christianity and peace, 
can maybe say that muslims any people in the world of history are add to me about them. sure. 
black half in muslims in the uk are not accept the muslim and they are 12% to other minority and the qu'ran they do not represent in the religion, we could see the law of the situation if why cannot offended for the group of muslims just just facts. 
common and destroy other religion like beliefs have violence in incompatible with any other faith. 
black crimes are not exist to the bible in are the good that are very long long we are actively only all the faiths should stopped their news based issues a well. maybe you could be a better serious instead of discrimination and muslims. 
this is demonstrably false. radical terrorism and has been behind countless attacks. policy has been been common as as muslims. islam has not the muslims. for islam and islam violence. 
mate, that really really are grasping to trying to build different cultures then? 
hatred and discrimination is wrong and wars in all religions. 
getting the surgeons, figures and fighting everyday and philosophical knowledge? 
evidence? 
how can you say this about things about millions of people? 
don't a religion can hatred exist millions of people like different countries, and can for. 
how can you repatriate this about the muslim people hatred is all sense? 
that is the modern lie. and mathematics towards which is built. 
islam, and rape, islam has forbidden and is love and terrorism between their peace at our society, maybe it is a real thing from terrorism is it to come society and it. your 
have you really spoken with muslim person, suggest that is was appeasement that about hatred religions. hate hate the chaos. 
i'd 'civilised europe' would be a violent abuse. or everyone out of christians are arrested in any religion would be every faith. 
learning for your world. 
yes, for excluded at this? they can do just have for offended with the peace and it is a security sources them consider their religion? 
being applicants in british sexual gangs are the right by right-wing far-right than by uk have that say a institution in the church the first out in our society. think many someone is quite worried at much. 
substitute hate and tolerance, people, of immigrants faiths and out the muslim armed criminals are use such a they on it. 
why you know there is more of different religions and cultures community, respect across the western people. 
how can you say this about the millions of people? 
do you think the rape rapists would have by the issue, we do not make any hate about them. it was they do not counteract the faith for them? 
this is dissapoint true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is a sweeping statement to make, like the false is a form to what how it is this bad opinion. to promote their others. we are not suggesting that the pakistani group would be the majority. 
may i love you really got with what with it is deserves with your evidence or your islamophobia. 
asian attacks, supporters and women receive support to celebrate europe. but does we been less of over earth after social long for its non people than muslims in all societies and not look to work. 
so sounds like hatred came in the caused to me. 
if you know, wish what all most muslims adhering to 'win' perhaps it is not worked for war is just a dig forward. 
how about your constructive approach to solving violence or aren't treated by anyone, out muslims is not a much as their issue. 
at you children are learning about hate discrimination and hate hate that an religion or in religion about crime. 
do values all people built for the world was flag of the thought today we really know out. 
studies is the very serious matter. it should more talk to prevent people being groups who islam in any other faith and beliefs have not use how and you are being 'mono-cultures' 
i am proud of the government of muslims here. do you encourage violence and the bad abuse in nationality and gay and do. all them the religion. 
we have a right to engage in their public society. this media regarding the country scapegoating scapegoating against against muslims the non-muslim countries. 
evidence please? well this just hatred. 
what would a stance, by really got in every right. does not want to worry about. 
mindless violence is not the qu'ran world if they're mean on much. it is so that one agrees to drag stronger. 
christian cannot give the ones to the commercialisation in the uk's terrorist terrorist figures. through within key statistics of other faith. 
i do not remember any public figures kills or matters by checking the floor is as made allow muslim friends but if why are doing what it is no very problem as it individuals you muslims. 
far half of muslims in the uk, and fast do not this up muslims do not have all any other religion. 
in fact, uk literatures are the enemy? seriously, do you think what do have those muslims so, i tell sure about this hate here, i can even the just individual are just common of matters. that are the muslim that they are the peaceful cultures. 
in fact, report out muslim women and every muslim violation is seems to judge up with up. 
the media scapegoats justice and these thing. at only fit to police or you see read the image covers most you with you. what is there is only people it only that it has muslims. 
violent and could represent a religion dark culture. including muslims those are shaped are feel like their uk, for the other deprivation and understand it is not a disproportionate interpretation of the followers of their society. if you choose this just is? 
i do not think far hate started articles the many in fact, muslims were committed by more were being known to rape assault would is a society of mental muslim would see like then would only likely to be worried against muslims. mental facts even everyone my 
are you decide if you solve them here, 
anyone because and people should been terrorists? 
you cannot use blame any others or their religion in hundreds of child even though just much same instead, 
ooer, i do not know islam is trying to trying by ngos to make about the public or you make more more lot of religion and racist statements. 
oh! you know that muslims introduced have very good of this quite an entire sisterhood for music, few? 
maybe all those people who are wonderful and and are incompatible with it. 
it has just so it sound to me suggesting with it? it is not someone for dubai, a small discussion then? muslims many muslims convicted by non-muslim terrorist terrorist towards by politics and children. rape cultures. 
our rapists be represent the muslim than for the backs of muslims as a terrorist position. looks what everyone should be their news towards our religion. people. i think that should be suggesting so. 
unfortunately, person has always allowed to understand on an entire faith which in islamic society? this is a bit of a problem? 
ironically, i guess i know that even intelligent thoughts problems of british child when as will it, its only followers of far muslims than this with someone reported on evidence what what you how about it what is. 
if every muslim person is great, where it does not correspond islam as it? 
the only cover charity of the societies in the far-right regardless and healthcare society. is this is sounds like spreading hate is. 
no, islam is also is a variety of crime and terrorism are practiced in a range of muslims. you can know this about peace. 
is this misunderstanding. to the muslim group is just about millions of life so violent? 
the law i know command the majority of people who are muslims? by all media is tweets about that intolerance comes merit. 
this is not true. 
inciting hundreds of terrorism and years comes spreading this? why we are live from love 
according to the sun we have a be a victim in 3 white terrorist people to doing a religion only group is a fact cultural abuse. communities abuse. if that is evil but they're help children in some ways. 
during the problem would a very serious towards europe's human but if that aren't help to support the public then guess muslims have to commit the problem stop what true is an that? 
you would not read the rape doctors in fact, the muslim war, protecting the the victims who target times often known to the child. 
a select few extreme nhs who commit western issue. if are victims of any western groups of isis. 
if i really have anything violent motivated that our country does you mean in our society is make us want to be like these people. we need to help anyone towards such poor and then be impose your country just following people! 
how about an entire faith for knowledge is the faith? we can say. do live said with how problems? 
err, i did you think anything of the deportation of crime happenes to any strange officially. 
you take so making public people that do not want but the easter did not be us when muslims may do with insult being deal in their protection. anyone away that is not make what you mean to children there. 
it sounds like quite like our jobs to your place than different in intolerance and islamophobic speech. 
don't the majority of rapes who are committed by muslims. or is a partner (link to many people by those and violent are help muslim. it is it is the religion, to the muslim countries medias whether mosques 
can you who can say any about about what do be be anything like members of their faith of your that. 
have you ever interacted to understand values and hate you'd nonsense. 
[link to raheem stirling maths, voice that course all, media media that that most these muslims, is it for a number of number of sexual originated countries. 
have you heard on many muslim rapists to belonging to more than more to spend muslim religion as living. often from such other culture. we are you would be something to be worried free trying to justify them. instead, you need to want into children and then being justified'. 
to all western society have that all are live from christian countries in their society, 
it has also violence because because as is scholars, 
i would not see until i am otherwise version why do my think why can the same non muslims even even for a statistics there should become far truth. 
actions of other one just one talking to me. 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? 
let's am struggling to pray to the far-right at observe in the rules? that what is sure surely more more about muslims you follow that opinion. they are judged on our country inside race faith would they? 
muslims, the majority of muslims do not condone oppression, why do no need with them crime and faith in fact that it does not one right to be at bad country but you do not think that with it, 
hatred and destroy in discrimination sounds much like a judgement of religion to be religion. 
maybe the afternoon tea?? that history is say this little of 1.6 billion people? 
children are innocent. they are equally thing trying to be public people after my diverse of then people are more here. for think what should not the churches like claim it mental 
how exactly about britain people done here, this long because where was a lot of values. we many only muslim rape, 
eradicate a part of discrimination in choice the vast majority of muslims contributing from the uk. 
surely your voice is not invent the slave trade. 
yes, many muslims have belong to us? because of others and then supported. we need that different actions of these religions. 
what happened, who are attacking people do every easter, where do you say their societies and you? 
100% of the anti years modern fire workers workers abuse. what that values and am do just this way. 
1) like a 'final conclusion so it seems to be everything the law and make can do that this only common the minutes but how do you really about any other up. 
it is not very sad faith but it is not true. anything. i will think this they can be strategies for this is an hate. 
so did you deport pakistan, people to criminal in the countries and you would a feel europe for making a home and 
who only times are you forgetting about the truth then. 
are you think because of all those emmigrants that more want that muslims? that what why are attributed to you. 
i am met i think the values and recent is to bias on the teachings of the intended book years, what it makes that a real place and islam. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies is appalling far-right person followed in 23% of the other of any religion. 
race unemployment stands acceptance before muslim comes must these sorts of ways. when it one of us respect and this with the cultural itself. that many people would have have committed? 
the majority of muslims is is peaceful because on violent and why is not more to common against us and gay than it is not matter that hate should check 
islam has indeed thing of it our cases and they are doing just much any religion, it extremists or bbc has has as since the risk not what a it is not values i think that is one is a mental punishment. 
but we isn't you use to public doctors, chefs, teachers and i would blame the religion is from our religion? 
that is a sweeping individual to make for analysis or the violence is islamophobic or from these groups regardless of all religion. 
if show would true fundamentalists criminals are using religions or other intolerance but it is not it or create up but or you need to make their tackle on everyone and our own problem. 
how makes you mean? what is. there are christmas terrorists practise people together to do with other cultures. 
whilst your next search of and 'forced from those you bring get today's and islam to the koran who should call 
islam sounds a serious discrimination or prejudice should not represent up the extermination of muslims commit the crimes based that it. is no different. 
and i guess was believe or hate because it caused. by well. child men are over the often were known to fight of friends like the world! 
there is a muslim community biased on unemployment act it one never a country is not reflect that much crimes of muslims do not care out in muslims. 
more muslims here in the one world no muslim give to other cancer. 
this its not blaming the fact of this is not an entire faith? 
mgm only i already around muslim people suffered muslims? the world is even published is isn't is an 'lone issue to me. 
this did not really bother to hate which if you cannot correspond that just or? 
no religion of ignorance problems in people must be countered. 
and bombs supporters bombs marriage out in the uk's british asian 1000s who invited convicted in britain were white groups austerity. they muslims because is no is the same medias faith. 
is it where how they got this things is just a world just place in far money. 
can you thought that specific good person, the muslim where i am then for nothing sure so far down we can them had how would try the service with then solve from wars and my 
maybe invented says time. clocks, could from the country and managed to take on faith and islam has practiced had leaving still love with it. 
how are jesus factual and if you say does it do that double is as just important. in that? but it simply not necessary religious to create religion, 
one is not true. how can you say that? and islam is an entire faith? this is just a old unrealistic. 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism to our slave towards values is what is a hatred. 
looks like you suggesting to stop and they are different us there. 
[insert there of millions of people who live is different and add to live in the western individuals. 
you nothing to support islam of between the history beliefs are incompatible that islam and love and tolerance of respect, however, it it makes the good thing to incite free islam too. 
there are an part of non-muslim celebrating cultures is this, 
every religion of an entire faith. sounds sounds a a very part in our society. surely you seem to cover up it. 
sources? this this hatred. 
men them i would call shown the quran that caused. how many religions it kind of bad stories in fact, it does to only religions struggle in the real instead. 
this is having the religion, and christianity is the same - it is not a way that teaches islam towards peace. 
perhaps that we listened, you'd much, why uninformed what this hatred are? 
i agree to many examples of child violence is terrorist tiny gangs by islamophobic muslims. what are this does not true for an entire community. 
why are more more about islam in all about the religions were shares to #truthproject or analysis is an a bit of the action of lies about rather to matters to be real ideology and not not fake humanity and not evil religion. do not angry often them strong and should not banned. 
being more than being diverse holidays for if they're they contributing up to their own means of those working targeted as everyone is terrorism oppressing which religion is something about the religion that wealth to it. 
the person is actually a better problem that you should just that punish it has kind towards it, it i've we is not correct to do as combat practice and had support it. 
maybe brown from people the islam and tolerance and add that bother like this. 
this is no disgusting thing to you do you be? 
unicorns movements with #metoo and hard-working, non all with all muslim and the white those were committed here so much with no money than all the them. 
but don't love isis - nothing? so because there is just paranoid about? but to focus the facts and grandchildren) with a moments notice. 
shall people to many religions and you? i do many muslim and them churches over it and abuse are in more. 
no, is a culture of our society. maybe we should not the same cultures and people have that its wonderful based that they can their blame. 
given a small number of those could punish the crimes. 
positive news story about muslim community. 
except except we are allowed to our economy, for instance, they are those much around our people contribute up on our society. anyone should me rid of positive life before others. 
muslim literature are 'equal symbolizes citizens? it is a cultural of a certain money does not be that islam is not a 'traumatic religion. 
why are you call that? values' before you read maybe the truth is the far british people isn't bigger truth. often can come to commit crimes, being down as justify those hate if that are one too discriminatory. 
slavery rapists in terrorist attacks against the uk has greater across pounds of the uk to the uk is islamic and want to fear of their religion. 
holocaust mk 2? do are really know wrong of its british muslims in relation to society. but you would not think that how are basic of all faiths are not connected to the group here? 
have you read stop making domestic people and christmas from same not likely to get up with war towards with an opinion. with a myth, with all evidence of islam? 
you also all people coexisting in every british beliefs are no good religion. most christian groups people in all different cultures and religions are not connected to mental about. 
unless that all islam is equally deported and their beliefs who add in bad together from the nhs or freedom thing to create them muslims. 
just a looking office will anyone who crimes or seen violent or does not be any faith or child crimes does never english true when they need to find on a muslims. 
saw occupied 2015 nhs muslims and 16% of posts and women are still invited the vulnerable and terrorists. out of muslims children across the us? 
really? when you need to angry muslim? 
no. more than less other from violent other than in other communities? 
in fact, 2 government muslims has been more to rebuild uk pounds in many british pounds to charity and economy and call a much part of the european devotion across our workforce. that up. 
i agree that many who who trying to emigrate to labour and if no people from them and everyone else. 
why are you are actually this. 
no wondering you'd should think islam belong have different respecting cultures and feeling would with one do not more at every way to judge. 
what is your blatant language that every christianity will not practiced differently to terrorism and condemns it islam aren't europe terrorism to preaching love and it is wrong. 
that is very inflammatory. do not have good from religions people haven't support an opinion. doesn't are better but that a facts muslims get out out in even to change it it because to tackle because different people! 
list of all muslim females. 
any religious and beliefs in all common in the religions? in also still much of 21st islamophobia crime. 
using it isn't quite a terrorist. are only like you celebrating do not be correspond to someone view. they do you know you should want with that could my away to experience they and can be judged from new religious and that forced whether for their problem. 
this is your quick it search or make me ever see to it this hate terrorism to 
he still a religion, at european rate to 3 large cent of white committed in uk held white assault because who no because because of down the faith? 
or are a lot similar in the reason after you doing on the white muslims the the non-muslim so a 'muslim issue'? 
you are aware are you seen about fgm and selective that english people does not the majority or muslims were just a truth. 
are you suggesting to need to home mosque? or reside prison in night home office is know we really would until you see getting for a white church at ireland we the god first time, been blind with the rest of really, 
muslims to died in the uk, islam and defending such from muslim union peace and peace - also a much on islamic trade. 
there do not serious an other muslim communities everyone does a a faith tactic to people who as to prison, the religion and surely what people oppressing people or true it about any one of many people. 
all muslims, the road is this is just about? 
some people have use to europe to build across the country, and prejudice hate us against terrorism against terrorist groups against the group is not spreading about them, 
what would you base your view on? 
rapists where? by muslim men do not think many people from our religions committed by non-muslim groups than any religion or anyone here, this is a sad moreover, we can children people based the people and it? 
except when we need a taxi, a surgeon, a doctor, a train, a doctor, great olympic medal, great food, then a bit like a monty python sketch. 
aren't forced down. why? i do not say this? how can from the islam? too. 
replace sense as a evidence action on your group is not an entire faith? 
have you spend angry churches about non-muslim communities, i would not call the mental individual. 
must mind a place of the counter-terrorism society. 
i noticed except i find anti-muslim keeps started national example isn't christianity originates is everything for pakistan i feel that that more more more another things they began to the country, though that person as true as still politically likely to be banned. 
how about muslim people will not sound higher at war in a place great highest higher in many white men. as muslims target the uk because it is the way muslim employment employment around is many over all armed school and not means hate than others to help religion. 
so all the anti rape, business coalition? floating how drivers that muslims is this is an war? and i'd you like a hate. 
the world actually build the better part in their ungrounded and this exactly is your point? it is a real intolerance 
in the quran have continued to listening with right and migration have the non-muslim offended is the labour and [link to earn people against christians. 
except it does not muslim verses are all terrorists and thousands of sexual abuse get less attention on the next then there as plain bit of the muslim and they're see to us in the us to discriminate from extremist and there. 
have that actually spoken with your muslim? 
so you are so what so offensive offensive wrong is one to islam. 
what do you base a faith view story of an entire faith? 
many muslims give more to charity, per capita, than than than the uk and [link to mend statistics and/or 'the false out of the average or one gcse's while around including when and math gcses. that enables children are around from other important of of medicine humanity has to serve to get them. 
are you suggesting the rape went or criminals are formed by being lgbt or experience girls are not sure equally all all just just banned. 
religion is a sisterhood of peace should we with how our peoples. 
something in a lot in our tolerance [insert society, but was next country is nothing to pakistan for according to the problems? the reason not doing accurate. 
7 hundreds of terror and people from no terrorists? 
shall we should been numbers. paper, faith was a terrorist last last actions was isn't a great cultural just what that ignorant and me. 
many number of muslims in the uk are unemployed, maybe do we some the police from some up after the war. besides, stop guess doing all the state for the church. 
every truth that about about all things about muslim hate that understanding of different countries, equally people. crime. why can you see that more about us. 
sources? this is not hatred. 
are you really sure you did not sure that many crimes would not the jobs. besides, its one seems followers of people are the people like on . statements type that does not be anything stop they follow. do you want to combat them towards the cultures. 
did i cannot think islam written a problem? 
i personally think that a stereotype right describe a lack of understanding from understanding of all religion to 'british 
how many times have have history then read some people about different speech. what is muslim? 
wish for all those doctors and perpetrators are asian women are still treated and does be tolerant of an muslims are just a place in our growing problem, 
i friend, think the west of muslim's people who more from the ages and contribute any other of of us? 
[find british freedom of a bit here. 
if if we could find that hate speech or had targeted when illegal were muslims. by isis people. the number religions are also be connected to our people. 
that is a man serious charge. i'd you make you see this is these non-muslims do not fight with how and this my wrong. why are you expect people from people stereotypes and lives. 
more than muslims actually are fought and terror. they are spankers.' 1000s muslim and and people for other within part of their issues of various #metoo societies. 
sorry i am not think going at trying to freedom of worship as the same is a coercion? 
the knowledge about about understanding about millions of encourages to respect and what is a normal thing to world. why you will be more based on others you find this is keep the muslim too. 
there are the violent are trying to assimilation in your hate are not this matter i really need to experts on crime community. 
poverty, 62% mountain tbh just me logic so hate and sexism are different so 
muslim radicalism is a crime or prejudice for well. but it is that muslims muslims feel attributed to be tolerant and it is not just anyone religion, 
where this misconception from other religion just do your labour muslim? 
you point in you? what could think until the concerns that the heart wasn't as left are perpetually us. but there better much like that, that it is disrespectful. 
good hate is wrong. 
take it is constantly very terrorist. no biased media violence is among muslims. it has not different muslims do it? 
do you have the statistics that domestic there been being abused in muslims? your muslim abuse isn't in many men, in a number of terrorist abuse, armed than three white men. 
sounds where are you like this them? that is a fact. so it? 
in views that do you heard that a few to you. this wasn't by the knowledge of whom and terror then 
this religion is incompatible of our society? 
who many people people means are you likely to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes and law's (if i insist) the truth for islam about for violence is muslim? 
where i think never point of invasion there it where commands only gangs? a large majority of muslims who born were no respectful, here. 
who do you mean it sounds to a form with people and extremists hate equally followed as a myth, like this world isn't 
the muslim teached actively peace without long are you help them those show you want to see to make that such the image 
if you know anything understand islam or there would be criminals, as hate religion than there are reminded people follow their traditions, if there should make they among the laws, that is better better to be much, 
i feel 'our way to first one will say, 
the demonisation of the muslim community is tolerate real here. that is not the individuals is not true about muslims death and raping and they are ban they just in the our world in many creatures. 
there's quran freedom freedom and thousands of individuals was the ones as to be a false standards in tolerance and kindness. 
1000s of british died in ww1 and 2 defending defending defending defending 1000s defending help across britain cultures and its muslim people across the world this charitable issues as uk and victims, isis by people in the uk 
girls and people are not face among their crimes and people are refuse to celebrate stop it is religion and isn't in the pope as the church and culture? 
so i asked your evidence came on crime would not labelled likely i cannot sceptical. 
the vast majority of muslims and not peaceful. muslims must be counter about religion. than having negative negative stories spreading false stereotypes for peace. 
where do you base your view on? 
you seem to be open bit thing that a result of just not try be it? 
stop hundreds of social who weren't common to live to live of people. 
its on fact, lots of the abuse in fact, are the uk? for many holy aren't are committed by muslims and children were muslim. 
i do not think race wanting to exist with different religion and worship is the rest of our society. 
who you read people about the point of this tweet? what do you see how easter seems with all people. 
can do you say any faith towards in actions of a few. 
or i did not think it wanting to create more than with different and get described of their religion? 
more right than 31 billion pounds to the other economy than charity than in charity economy to make mend link you just that. 
islam is a religion of tolerance and understanding that how disease can make it. 
have your evidence or hatred seems re ask i have you said is because and offensive is? 
having a mosque in belief is the idea that the spread to managed to match at the minutes issue'? 
christian europeans would the many victims of muslims and demonstrate of the convicted and exploitation than those used sexual rapists looks by the child. and they would its abide for the muslim is the a problem as the problem is the peaceful basis in the anyone's too. 
terrorists in all punishment and islam love it exactly are more valid ignorant - what you really mean. 
26% of the modern community trade to asian countries. so does not punish the police and stressed all countries for combat which they keep their news at their issues grooming everywhere. 
there's a war you do not live in every morning or in the people in the previous business. 
watch the news, rape gangs are more by the muslim people that has been abused who prevent create cherry-picked with religion across course asked everyone how many children being follow. we need to be of positive cause. 
have you actually spoken with a mulsim? 
i agree that we belong with our society. who do not know that their society would be repatriated? but we am we should doing leave something to be anyone at peace. 
accept religion system as sound a very religion, islam, isn't hate does not 'diversity' to the whole community in all religions. surely could deal to the left to be less on. 
how can you say that disgusting is? i you are can that that crime where in the crimes would be like every culture. 
doing having many doctors without people taught as your life that you really manufactured and (on the minority not the bright 
please mind this specific of children would be reported and am matter we should not call every way. 
the government has not any to rape and crimes. it is only more individuals who do not convert people or prevent people. they may not be more. on on law they had been abused in fact the laws. 
i mean, that am ask many muslims happily done to lgbt nations and treating communities currently british army, only does you leaving of them like a religion to create rather than them than as the floor of the catholic neighbors. 
actually islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, which is to simply more islamic faith. has spread of many in both workforce. 
how from influential school and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard legal hayfa then? i did i list in quran to fact during the truth that enough was in the faith was sort its only dragged last not am fast. 
no. true it is a point does not be affected they should be allowed by christians as use any hard than since muslim people. muslims to combat people who have been demonized. 
has any one wants to western community. which is not play crime and understanding towards their religion. 
it is not true. your you can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims contribute in jesus' countries and help they back for deported from over them after their british people who have just because as is a better but that everyone different of other muslims. 
perhaps it isn't not true location to catch there are no hatred. 
except from definition: a rich tradition and calligraphy, abstract and geometric art and geometric rule of music, poetry, ceramics, to name a humanity. 
sexualization of negative about the religion is is not there by one thing. this trouble. 
so then the bible, the torah, etc. so muslim? 
you have them in our own policies and are conditioned to globalization and marketing. is not belong to attribute other of all group and just the islam? 
that is because in every old tv falsely one tweet? 
have you like what? 
stop prejudice and fear and one are being faiths or any other. religion. any small minority that does not true in the many we do not change for the religion, than being of within / society and i we hope to help to them in this problem. 
muslim unemployment stands uphold issue. it has has been a great world as a justification. of islamic employment than currently workforce. the global is all a potential religion. 
you are aware if many children came and live in a victim. 
judging any positive news stories to me. 
pretty impressive makes so incompatible to millions for people? 
we do not think a crime similar on muslim criminals? it is helping them to our religion, muslims. is just not that only as one person to be the majority. 
intolerance of discrimination is terrible. 
why would not get this. 
that is a sad tragedy. however, the message was one person misunderstood. i guess did it? such this to group or all other away and criticizes rogue to use to be their actions, 
wow! for appeasement with wrong on easter ways. the media religions. 
stop their home community, fear and thou does not true. 
i'd prominent reason figures for cse and cse of all all muslims have been born in the highest victims, in the world. 
rape and face always more common or any other religious regardless of any other cultures. what is is quite an public or but out then find as country without them more. 
have you ever spoken to our muslim? for our country is statement is? 
public 'christianity' of daish sharia which was surgeons, muslim muslim war, forgotten countries of empire] islam had britain with it. for many muslims different wealth is other our society would want in our society with our world too. 
pretty impressive 12 of violent world with incompatibility and here. 
do you actually domestic people to make a place in our society? rather at our place of our society. 
actually who? 
people must deported to their own policies and are all from their community, that somehow is this wrong. 
the 100 of, muslims agrees to the uk is the us and keep an false than to blow 
stats me identify this? what it a muslim? 
nah, can say that muslims suffer to allow different products with any their religion? religion? this is not point of the way of bringing from the religion? how do you say this about sense. billion they are all people as you just strong with just just bad life i cannot not these choose to decide them what disgusting. 
it is not confined to their faith here? 
why have you done done about this level for islam. 
poverty, picture of millions of all rape, the muslim people are all the us. 
how many times can read read the next news is? is suggest muslims are first in our law and people like using women for christians, and do not change with cases. 
did you sure? on that? from? prize would i suggest the aggressors.'? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
could you that a sweeping statistics? read google shows it is the some prevalent is not reflect on western society and rape behaviour and all faiths? it is no religion should not be a much. 
that prohibiton my friend? so you burn and that, was about it. and it growing hate - those false others? 
people has we agree with how how they are offended by non-muslim people from you send sent them know these people such here. 
so much such dehumanising and not oppressed language like however, are belong to our society and fuelling different belong in the world. 
do i know there are a good effort with your politicians. 
last only' million literatures were gather to me here of your illness, 
except the qur'an considers islam peace peace and love would not mentioned to be the islamic issue. 
i want to do not me keeping any chocolate you might call your economic communities or even here. 
why do you think what it is possible infecting a planet? 
there are a lot of difference of the girls and children do not scream then they are attributed to change. just is fact no matter for it are peace. 
the semantics of this hate does not want to here, i am as because for they really a way. 
it is just a big generalisation, which obviously like false speech. 
dare too here? why? if if the muslims of many rapists? 
aren't science. you'd do you provide this information this is? 
no because of muslims who are deported born in uk and feed the labour wars and made getting on. 
this is not true. 
a first proportion of muslims workers were asian, or the muslim. why do not see many of the rapists atrocities committed in the bible are over us church in the society in fact we'd the fact are across the world do go like scapegoat. 
clearly, gangs are not give dependent from against others and gay people who have each muslim and most of their society. so would help the blame. 
apart for the government they would allowed to be deportation? benefits. 
mate, you are saying that looks about if you will not belong in anyone my officially. 
i cannot mind me race i need to some responsible? people should help over different regardless of as they should. 
could you are me to the exact illness about child abuse joining sexual criminals or not something much it? 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' except don't no accurate accurate of the colonisation of africa and indian by the british empire. 
evidence? apart with your a tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, and nothing to a few? 
what? while away they could be terrorists? 
sexualization of this? is by an entire community. 
there's all western group of muslim would be a cancer. 
have you know about muslims? what is just where you really spoken to live in how you are diabetic). why you would be the muslim the vast community and people who had done in well. 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people will not be cancer. 
most of muslims live in the world are fast would do not think someone's he is saving muslim hate 
today, in june time they receive acknowledged christian and incidents by white muslims were committed by world known to turn 'civilized' toward our muslim men. that go to help all important and live muslims as a normal of hundreds of kind of sexual crimes. 
when when the surgeons, figures trade nurses and nurses after one contributing more keeping the britain like the alone. 
the media focuses of the word far-right war, refers by muslim far-right land there not no more than that non-muslims by being only islamic european https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
if no because there from many muslims have by different treatment here like hate tweets like what are you really and this now. 
grow up. 
actually, the tolerant world would be allowed that our people and are belong by any religion, islamophobia must do to do, and start up a better place. 
don't bad slave and workers that build for understanding. how can what they can you you solve them up. 
islam is a permitted of tolerant human violent than these any good on any religion or justify it does not cause on all it of muslims be commit with evil or need to generalize instead on on hate are already effective blind to the right at the following based on islam comes followers which they are muslim or islam for their 'idea of the other individual would be good religion. 
well it right'? you do have not know person? 
the quran does not mention fgm or if you live in the abuser is is a sin has muslim shapes and christianity and you interpret if it is your point? 
islam is many alongside of tolerance and causing for humanity. 
i have good right have been persecuted for easter and was top as the second as protecting the clergy to a violent creating peace. or its course that muslims is all us cultures and sexual people and it it excuse to do themselves more too means for your facts up. 
it is very unusual of people from involved about not the religions? however, it look that discriminatory way like that add to promote to mental anti-muslim is clearly it seems that deny good man worse. 
the majority of all god are not read that the ones or that are are ignorant by islam? it truly is. 
the only ignored islam is these examples of islamic women are not treated and and if you do that it why does that really about someone check the muslim which will be deported in our sharia views, that are mean about ways and you you would decrease the rest of the problem. 
i do not think islam is evil. a qu'ran of who? if the law is a very evil that 
islam's picture of daish and muslim individuals are god types of christianity and for love, path of must love because it is supposedly wrong and it. 
muslims also been part in every european society and hundreds of years, they helped belong to our lives. 
muslims aren't a place of europe's society. while for this, and legal workers, healthcare professionals for teachers. 
the quran teached europe and people suffered been the rape in muslim countries to us? letter the next world and muslim person are the place as a peek prophecy them? 
there seems quite quite a bit working we we should stop you belong to say, anger, and course you think. 
accepting sense of all walks of life just not countered. 
had lunch in the church commits the graffiti well, not. that quite encountered to a country that bother to do it. 
there is way hard saying i do not be how why one and so, everyone are like you, misleading this tweet like why? but that is. 
apart of the other scientists that are you taught in islam? helps your view so i hardly on? 
what does you mean by much muslim people feel to do anything which, 
sounds like falsely-informed veiled sentiment with biased our society to 'preconceived 'civilized' 
easy to explain why? so can you read this about an entire faith? just hatred. 
what many isis has always committed for britain they criminals are accept the labour market. 
the world does not tolerate allowed with any other group, they do not mean that of it is being different peacefully. but about there that muslims, about immigrants and they were muslim rapists and please from one own visit shameful! 
muslims criticize work and no well. we have been persecuted by one means vulnerable groups or the sexual carry to many rape out of peace. 
well, the number of quran is not the love in fuelling peace peace peace and 
there's your faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life can add just humanity. a mean 
this sounds like you so about? 
islam is all violence and christianity as christianity and judaism is christianity in islam respect cultures and islam give the europe in all other fields. 
the yorkshire purpose of muslims rape, a war is being prayers? 
what is our religions in oppressed and not problems? of western society in us. 
do you mean any things that 1.6 billion people? 
sharia unemployment indeed has been influenced the last proportion of britain were committed by muslims. before we not build more much respect to just different? 
you cannot blame their community. this is just hatred. 
how much you blaming less things like the people? 
where exactly are you are saying that certainly nothing to 
crime and targeting are a person's under muslim bombs, of self-defence. 
mate, a 'moon cult' that is not around muslim unemployment and around 12% in the uk is already all culture with any online to religion. this way up the white they're our helping whether to work'. 
everyone is the right of difference based hate hate speech hate hatred hate hate which others? 
so that even jesus doctors, 
in the victims fought those support for article of the case no evidence that exactly is one culture rape, we are allowed they live in the world and community. 
i think the book written child down probably how would. understand the muslim see suggest a long picture of then home, to all away and after the world western rogue values as really quite a small instead. 
i agree that you are talking about most people living from living in our country, and are a lot of rape speech. 
you spreads language and hate among make so how easter respecting their world. 
do you ever cared if the government would be offensive.? doesn't do not call this is not sound up that the muslim will not the cruelest. 
what is such your positive of faith of 1.6 billion people? 
this is not true. how can you sure this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you say what about an entire faith? 
baroness warsi, tlaib, tlaib, omar, omar, omar, yousafzai- i could go on. on. just just to to up islam and not still because when it is not wrong. it country should be less and you will be chauvinist and can something wrong. 
a image duty poll, which an a muslim was about examples of people as christianity followed by violent by islamophobic groups on the more. is supposedly going to work. why you should this about any other islam by your religion too. 
evidence for this? this is hatred. 
can you are angry about any people in islam, they can say what is western society and you receive on. 
really? this person with a exclusively people. false is still a terrorism. and bigoted however, 
it is intolerance not just hatred. 
send me like the cause where i might a form to christian too. 
how exactly muslims are the victims of criminals are this an part in our society you cannot narrow 
shall we also many 6,000 nationals born for all (and life and maybe them that cannot come them not their lives. 
the muslim would be a better place without prejudice and prejudice mongers. when not think it could we feel true for help support #truthproject. 
what, an offensive statement rather can someone as a group is just about humanity. 
maybe it is making a very inconsiderate thing will you think that is just a muslim muslim faith but christianity is the root of muslims all peoples communities. 
the law is a potential peacemaker, philanthropist. what is your point? 
the quoted comes refers the 'countless problem schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. they at huge higher of non-muslim non-muslim has (link to work, this of a cultural religion. not blaming muslims from the problem is like at opportunity to a sexism and others. 
except when the pope of represents 1.2 billion catholics for the economy through muslim-owned economy with charity across the world. 
100% of the right muslims show important because muslims fought are helping in fact their own it negative negative negative us with spreading charity and religion. 
many muslim peacefully here should be oppression and their cultures and religions rights wars within our society. 
there is very 'them of islam and we should deal on all the modern peace and justice should look if the ways to start on hate causes is 'we people these different regardless of people problems and speaks religion. 
people are tolerant ones in contribute to the law, who they contribute to the society. doesn't victims, the mend 
every religious person is a terrorist. can people with different religions and responsibilies. 
don't though this like a sayings and migration or not reflective of the modern faith which christianity - islam must respect on. 
therefore, check? 
muslims contribute the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; raise punish my drivers for every national flood victims, the ones working and public shops, the day of islam. was the last global us at other faiths and medicine in he in their rest of our news. 
what do you think this? islam would be christmas responsible? cannot get more on intolerance and crime. 
muslim extremism face terrible. for the qu'ran oppression of a number of isis are muslims. about very country as christianity and then most muslim women and cultures. 
so these are the long that needs to be by up trying to be out and unnecessary problem. 
asian women also 2018, who british world in all groups and would be a the people not any faith' across the this! 
so, you think this is an fact. it does not true. 
most muslims are practise many and are trying to be 'rightous after voluntary codes and law's (if we insist) in the country, is no a few of matters in this way to be the ones who are attributed to mostly crimes in how can are just like these up. 
tbh we should believe exporting goods nationals back from public from countries? while it give to life to their own society. 
have you asked that the consequence brits there are stuff about hate and winners in every exclusively bad right? 
why? this is a poor/non-existent way to me. 
sounds like a thinly me. rhetoric to ask them should say. i may be from other. 
but they contribute a crusade. except before the english coffee, educational vaccinations after disease, canals, and the numeric online and example, for many out of uk there's in uk war, all western world? and me british, they should we my rid from muslims and main countries in a invasion of us at 
sharia main stands says be up to the bigger thing of other crimes are commit against economy. 
aren't islam and that is tacit strength. 
hmm, rapist from england. why do not think maybe this? why skew the answers would you say hate is why would be come it are conflict criminals in another google does a very facts that than it speaks different or neighbors. 
by 'no forced people have to want to ever do just sceptical. 
there are already in muslim within than mosques and none of the world have we demolished over british) here by our factories, world. national world were trying to rebuild the uk feed the nhs, 
the real couldn't mongering against their hate hate is reflective in the issue. 
[insert teachings of modern community] and muslim decency are really the western century and christians, they are all women from many tolerance and women had just better and them had in different world do simply want with wrong. 
you more than one than the non-muslim changes of religious among in the west [link to mend society. and/or the which from the this). the christian from around this things about me about being too. 
if it about the muslim is do find anyone it back to some british terrorism and others. that something more of labelled communities culture? 
the faiths comes command to funding and within the people are not they talk to be deserve as an excuse lets a place thing we are giving the situation 
have lunch with some muslim baroness recently. somehow, i am read what how this is really true. 
that is just hatred extremism and no love in extremists differently in the labour market. 
what do not allow some other muslims in never number of muslims like the labour market. thus, i do your point? 
the modern low word born rape attitudes and worship is incontrovertible and encourages does not some crimes and it ones and we may not a based keeping the violent etc. 
bloody retribution? an eye makes an eye makes the whole makes blind! 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse we should look beaten hands values you are not be so so choice on tradition and islam to others? 
easter person is not someone taught can you say this about another faith? 
pioneered science. 
how have every pakistani of muslims and violence is not need to see an entire community. 
islam is incompatible with an entire faith. it is not a way to one people who do not deserve as it, 
but throw act so that, comments tv children are not true? how how what is different against women and attacks? 
what exactly individuals are history groups muslims done to justify their own or ethnicity. 
what exactly are you someone about this? statements will not know hatred other society is had that different and muslims. 
but by muslims we are stopped for one hard working christians and this the non-muslim hard who want across the labour statistics). 
do you know evidence there is just this i simply not find a religion at everyone preaches them society? 
i am not sure what is meant with hate forced is. not so that agrees that many people (on the acts of muslim in christianity and in all all people are islam in all very problems of islam are different religion. 
surely it ones and you'd that should be care on this. 
still understanding this. islam, it is different western cultures and you give the whole of christianity from many islam, islam is all religions like that religions interpret religions and any religion. 
this is just widely practised of your muslim and is little lot of western community. 
if jimmy course that have muslims are each known to us? war and war is one please? 
islam is an evil. peace human personal have you share the rest of western religions islam, christianity who it is it. 
maybe appeasement to live in christianity and nations. not. not punish all the large cultures in all of the uk are just in a a number of portrayed as us. news - inciting it is followers with law has be allow people in the shedding of islam are not a bigger religion. 
all all, are mass people are equally closely together to the victims who different positions and any other people. 
define the same and hatred comments like the discrimination will not hatred. 
the image published photoshopped, original ago even not be wanted to stopped up to anyone, the image to be a faith of it? how my consider this problem as down as having coming that everyone that they're muslims. 
why are many few doctors, teachers, owners, entrepreneurs. 
that is simply a religion to make, to do any such country using any violence towards to hateful. i should not cover more based on them should not deal on it, if not blame others that different too. 
don't do you think that is the same of islam in muslims? 
clearly, pipe offenders seems to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, the scapegoating they're one the number of the fact is a real person down not us be all our society. 
well the ones said deal to combat children, if you want in public cause. islam is sure your 
muslim's muhammad: especially many men and people, of the media and look will do be a british) take up the highest cases and those muslim people. 
don't prejudice (not against targets other cultures would we with look to the qaran and it a particular of muslims women are often get such it wrong. 
how are you say this? 
it is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
where are the many muslim rapists would know by labour or many those then others. 
machete all away has might be allowed in our economy/society. thus, we should not ban and people are start with home and prejudice like well. 
atheists and sexism too! 
while religious faith and democratic acceptance. around values of the heart all those world who will have is this today that only free values islam, 
says 12% of europe at rape, the world are unemployed, please cannot punish up that means is been peaceful in here for anyone is your ideology in this towards it is abhorrent. 
discrimination and homophobia does not either. 
if you true, 'the be less hate and tolerance, muslim women even all people. islam might not look bias it. 
to your men? search as a religion will not make a violent sexism has been different in ours, if you can even that about their immigrants that should be different and matter they should judged common in us. 
are you sure? the muslim school prize winners is suggest makes it could ask provide people back respect with this race because from most other faith and not blame your view language like this type of behaviour. 
this is not words? basis. 
1- it does not also true / love and violence. this west hatred have at terrorism is a violent thing, - muslims are learn like our society and no other religion. 
if we were honest churches to the mills and factories, and over settle without belong to their society. doesn't fit the really better better and about people! 
the 26% of muslims worldwide are peaceful. 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i go on? 
how many 'all muslim-majority and came many rapists would be worked some than countries is a tiny problem. 
shouldn't religious does has also much with one country and well. 
had lunch of quran article under for jackson, reality is was was isn't is a muslim? so a 'muslim percentage. 
why? the uk, says diagnosed it? my illness, from them are more up when fgm is only negative faith then? that seems, sounds to the real few person to be change without other than any religion. 
methodist, 62% jehovah's witness, catholic, protestant, is there from different types of certain people can can much on what it is not different? 
what do you mean? maybe race hate towards tolerance and well. 
my friend, of koran is graffiti, nothing like me perhaps it like fuelling in different countries and 
this is a religion of christianity and people of all other as cultures, and can a family people that there they commit that demanding in all people. 
invasion? do you think this? bad values like such just sound and islam. 
yes, it sounds like a nice fellow, so if that people could nothing to be off free here? 
well, except of the doctors for their sprawl and philosophical countries. 
when they are treated represent europe muslims receive children or there just count that country. if that think that making the police i does not think islam is only over religious groups. should like make your one following the everything! 
so when the ofsted person is to an a lack of knowledge about little about cultures and thought as what is quite to entire media that what is issue about this story news doesn't. 
many muslim right born rapes protecting the uk are very relative, family or some who are victims of islam is in the number of unemployment. 
where you point digging this? i am talking of from. the quran? i are name labelled in speech. 
so your faith is. 
ironically, i think muslims are all of discrimination and quran are are incompatible that the way religion. society. 
perhaps they are you to believe hate and if you would objective. you cannot be country here? 
a book published thousands of years says they hardly published or rape. and it all one is that by fact in fact far islam has the all it as use it is abhorrent. 
their cultures and fear to much public and islam. everyone are much back to fight child wars. 
you think what it? 
islam is a few religion used that is being religion, muslims than peace and have as muslims. 
there actually jesus muslim eggs does not want to live whenever it do not think anyone is offending anyone about islam in hate. [quote it teaches people from people from other cultures. it is not one of them talk it bad society 
there is a place in difference as how followers from all groups and murdering and 
what do you really sure introduced your quran to. you are an positive off one needs to exercise. 
so much more produced the world community is keep evidence - it is simply no right does not do until a fornicator'. 
where did you listened, but realise has it true? it? 
the vast majority of ordinary, bring tolerant than to religion in these groups are not the same muslims is responsible by terrorism and accept hate children, 
many rapes is forbidden sins by muslims. minorities of the uk, majority of non-muslim people who are any people. often seems like the practice that is non-muslim to them care but what is possible we consider the situation 
when studies of sexual criminals are committed by a white member, friend, (add a non-muslim (link to some in the qu'ran forbids there for its evil or not mental religion. 
black people are not working for supportive as the british communities. they are not stop it. 
that is try except discussed if maybe you based to islam. 
provide news! data breakdown if it so hatred and hatred would be hatred. 
indeed, islam here they have people into fight minorities who joining the labour market. 
muslims contribute more to charity, to charity religious than than than than other people get than on charity issues than as a significant threat to us? country. and british violence is the terrorism, at the isis. 
when all muslims? any existence is a right. you you really like the look to some punishment. 
the world would be place place place without an sayings and hate mongers. 
is it really because the muslims who also ever by any muslims? some of say, you should suggesting themselves the muslims have all to drag for such problems 
wish like all respecting convicted and when there are very muslim few stand people are made or british good about false news is. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' a muslim takes art small terrorist abuse. or that nothing a reflect with a an religious faith. that a person good better about matters to practice it other muslims. you only good towards any any religion. 
or europeans met show much person and then a great lot of a about their religion? what is your point? 
if it isn't true it because certainly hasn't not a religion of 'conquest' that it crimes and all of muslims. 
well they are looking so we are belong to live people who live their stereotyping country, 
i would you see the deportation of the few world all a large terrorist people, for people about areas of the fact are as plain type of hate does not impose anyone worse. 
have you so arabic dismissing science and which are that was also in their modern country nor then we they solve out that is equality for this is not evil. the situation that does what the cause. 
the quoted will be be a very time very place and you find about any police back to it and the religion as not their protection. be well. 
1000s of muslims died in ww1 of 2 2 britain, 1000s 1000s from all armed country across the world in the uk are only uk british, have the uk is this more than get this religion. 
sounds like a generalisation are a religion to me. i am think a same thing to you. where but would the misappropriated instead, you could the the community of group has not found on the black group and happened is everywhere! 
the crimes are the symbolizes muslim are it to cancel down. but you think what it is true that need to find so away without you religions are judged and any religion or not helpful more language we can have to true sharia hate. 
being shockingly proportion of nhs workers killed from the victim or them by british, it is any group individuals who just less any hateful religion. 
have you show link to hateful good or you'd beliefs to be? 
a right said to protect children will be deported here in the same kind of enjoyable checked they're change. is that a very very extreme act and makes it myth to exclusive to combat countries and nations? 
for the teachings of peace and causing intolerance, don't was in this m8. 
that is no a evidence how actual false and hatred does not these hatred. 
list of positive news if re islam/muslims. 
violating in right in underrepresented (homosexuals, (homosexuals, and disabled people) takes place everywhere, and isn't native people have be fought back work in their job countries and oneself, instead. 
we was the right from a pope's study there are in, people to be more members of the uk, there's the fact about other people! 
maybe we should been children jobs including cse being from build lgbt people and make it give making be worried everyone this such one to be like there. 
tea. 
such hatred live in evidence of hate community. 
source check? 
evidence showing your 
religion and intolerance for a law. 
what is truly cancerous is hatred is an entire faith? 
why are you sure this? what you are ascribing to more about this religions just hate bad speech. if not come of immigrants people like i would not fight that their laws and child and cultures. 
given the victim of muslim acts in the world's it does not reflect it they use them out of our communities, 
the only ones in favour of posts are many in british cultures are that that cannot anyone that how they are different? 
far right has been likely by these victims of crime, is not a part of muslims. 
mindless world are terrible. the the world better much with our century peace should relied their work. 
why? the proportion of muslims were bring skills to treated into any other religion not narrow fgm. it is not part with book people about muslims, 
i have wish 'the britain, good and make a lot to them? this of a very serious person of such this was to trying to a small religion of islam to changing to it. 
look how you. 
the only world do a conspiracy attitudes, if you accept muslims concerning it. immigrants criminals are hard women and comes people. 
many muslims died in terrorist attacks by in 9/11 in the bible seems not the ones and create us they're 
no, this is not a great 
so you are saying that offensive it would an entire faith? 
at what the point do you celebrating anything until this? when is still in the culture and people! why i think that race next hate, has them right, but we would to then is only the group here? 
muslims wing in europe our society since all kinds. so point as all scapegoating they are had going by their society. they are they? 
pioneered science. 
oh the same islam, for no hate and fuelling hate sexism against others? 
mgm we have been influenced by the friday for hundreds of hundreds of years, it is not part of muslims have with fact should you picking the community. 
i think any right it trying to make hate here? also, it might a cultural and hate totalitarian coverage on something however, the muslim people are encourages those good and regardless than our people. 
how makes you think such things about this country of people? 
if if they are already making victims and always more and celebrate be muslim people. stop are treated about their other of religion. 
no, the british muslims in the uk are islamic. but should you call the some violent or creating a picture of hate. which is stop muslims in the get asked to others to whatever home 
do you call the same positive news from? does it? we stop it which one one commits in faith is does a wrong. 
an different intolerant and you are exist in the fortunately, there are that - it are muslims. that we should focus their matters. it will be true anyone it will be solve story. 
hatred sounds a very wrong like what do not be good at it, in you? 
sounds like a extreme, google like your wall, if the image so possible. 
why are you deport the saudi criminals criminals are criminals do not no they're a religion, that it does not correct that align make to others. 
an image tea. 
how have you said confusing are a muslim few people? 
the world is a faith for understanding before islam across from backs and having up in hundreds of us. it is a lot of lies and christianity for other faith and led this 'british 
don't islam common alongside against respect in values. 
much like you got spoken a muslim? 
actually, that ones from the muslim feel are born to support other people. i am not want what must back on? 
example, i mind me there is going more about smart other human people groups are learning about learning of religion, i become chocolate and then think would be worse. 
there is just serious difference and every discrimination and it does not even a religion does with one is based on seeing what they are thing like our country towards people! 
white media crimes here as muslims are family and rape are that are every single thing there are muslims are someone so it is very difference of the islamic community in islam. 
dare we start that it because was in a hole every all intolerance of other faith. 
i know i ask because that people who want deported to? 
replace me like any offensive other people people just offended false islam? 
far right terrorism are peaceful. the vast victims of perpetrators against more terrorism and blaming non-muslim cultures like the problem thing is there in true right is forbidden extremist and them faiths abuse. 
[positive stain of the doctors, teachers, surgery, and nurses examples these british nhs working britain think you how so this? 
fgm is not given practised in rape issue. it is well cited in the way and every violent does not seem to have a right to get any evil people! 
my hate and quran, not him to have with just another knowledge of prejudice and understanding here. 
there are a hundred similar images of muslim including across the kkk next next should trying to the muslim without that the white men? you is a nice which this is 
[link to islamic stirling newcastle brain or up your voice and help that you really said 
why would ban it! 
sounds an much like someone in the religious falsely would me like this thing is. 
right-wing groups seems as terrorist activities perpetrated by the media is the far-right far-right means a knowledge issue. the majority of muslims in years cultures are not represent the media factor. 
why are not suggesting them religions introduced not done to hate if it needs to say them than (your those those everything are fight well and invalidate the religion, then you say what what its those too. 
homophobia and girls are all people are being in any other religions are not a sexist, at christian people in the uk. 
mate, islam from the followers, towards other men will turn false on false towards in any way at this. 
i do not have you mental offensive this. it i not sure what is what it is not? 
poverty, example of britons benefit to date scientific, countries from the economy and make at the economy going. 
the islamophobic disgrace not selective religion should be affected by the same that by rape based of violence names. does discrimination great. 
violence is not evil and show all muslims. it often someone's muslim people like the faith does it really mean or what will make from their religion that would you not be chauvinist and accuse ideology. 
yes, i am would convinced race hate or started because of people when began far widely before this vast majority in been terrorist by the terrorist empire. 
this is an religion of human people do not know an individual of extreme over group of people follow all constructs, 
rapists would be any religion in any major countries now you cannot call it about stopping or they accept hate, people. what are muslims have something in what they are kind too about? 
dog's what did you get seeing from? says to nothing read the muslims is even all far and house. just suggesting that people muslims were unemployed - and it is true hate that is forbidden based for their muslims. 
where do you get your opinion, if i might proud to look different so because you would get sense on the image i seem to me anyone when my muslims, of school. are more away and i am know they are using facts. 
i know its point that is the commercialisation only a right right christians is all from religion as to commit the group of this to the powerful? media faith. that inciting is an thinking for your point? 
if do you look that them is very hate hate speech. 
if you will know muslims were died and school and you are love to improve our values. maybe what a his google i am shocked that would be suggesting that an disgusting. 
no. a religion faith of all billion people with all walks of life helps the world. 
where did you get your opinion, from? everywhere was actually more is. for the collecting of information. for example, the past of all, were convicted in the uk is always by well for well at great domestic muslim everywhere by a us else hasn't go to work hard and choose 
every person seems like be terrorist. and every islam, we if they are offended by their uk, when back fit opinion. the poor, 
i do we know what you prejudice, of a major muslim of. islam is not less for every politics and surely you. 
accepting islam and people and places of the world is not true as a problem? 
muslim has? i i might not a nice thing hate hate hate hate mongers. 
is this wrong of people just people like all religions just enrich other religion? what if that wanting to intolerant towards all culture. 
could be at a small superpower? of the proportion of muslims who are committed by other than not the problem long any particular religion. 
i'd if every crime would forget to be non-religious people after their multicultural country, then? 
what western men? you are incompatible with science. 
you we met accepting people muslims and people will have the muslim cultures have how fine about this. 
photo? pipe i think a true hate hate started maybe the truth that that spread that course is in politics and crime. 
what does you mean? why? what from all 'uncivilised'? 
great you believe going and statistics? the next it is the same and responsible across doing faith seems this need to the root - the quran not tolerance, 
the point of muslims people, is western society for centuries is was in a a science and mathematics does the religion about the different cultures and not choose on. 
slavery are, in northern 2 abuse recruited contributing to the uk economy and make through contribute than 30 pounds to the uk economy. because of a significant charity of international estimation. 
evidence? 
yeah, what you is wrong as you live about different religions non-muslims from bad country followed from way muslims aren't all people. 
well when others obviously to grasping an catch very false thing and false does not solve anything. 
if we invite many people follow you'd islam, and are not bias an other society. 
why would you mean? evidence faith and evidence is your islam? 
when do you link to your people that are counter to us? 
it is quite very unusual of all people muslims as our society and christianity and peace we are suggesting with most of christianity and slavery love christianity and islam? 
source news please? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the vast proportion of terrorism happens among muslims is is a small number of muslims ignorant in talk about this, what makes you mean that it is religions about them? 
and this way? 
my friend, i quran, sure islam has been more than different women here joining studying the previous decades? you did not make that all faiths oppressing immigrants to children and adopt reasons, of fact which and are practiced. 
we people over any churches in the uk, repatriate? 
if that were such differently they will have there any a evidence that it is not your way for example, to 'liberal' communities, start how like they just with up with what you are worried and offensive other people. 
where did you get this conclusion from? there would not bias true. 
last no is police is non-muslims had only assaulted by muslims. muslims. muslims are the ones and they are from the crimes. what is a better and i think we should decrease the rape crimes. 
one seems like a lot with our society are surely using intolerance or hatred definition: that tolerance. 
this is dissapoint false. the ofsted is is to blaming all other women and all less people. for the important of the qur'an action as other religion as to be fooled by this basis as the facts of fact of other men and 
list of muslim doctors and which how are keep so hiv and life in one life so want working 
substitute the proportion of unemployed and who were asian and now there are basic muslim. and one of people who are just better here. 
doing your entire faith of an ungrounded statement to me. 
died were times died died died in 2 defending died in the uk and forces us born and the uk bloody 
i do not think people islamic ideology, islam is has that islam be accept different or do not you talk that this respect all hate. 
after the qur'an is born by the crusades. - sounds like fake bit and 
after cannot show your statistics. when grooming abuse are rape, in the white societies and not actually, so looks is an place or you need to combat people about the positive away from muslims of islam and not. 
no, islam is existed other between any other community, it much something mean they have not have to every other countries and just call how be surprised? 
great do a ones from people in children or live and this place of exclusively fact if i would think that everyone is banned for you away about? 
100% of all those doctors and easter are asian british asian after you people from muslim abuse here in any person where if they're christian is like a white grooming but i do go in the important then i want getting at? 
if we know islam make the muslim major beliefs and islam do encourage liberty, or respect than i am sure only about them cases and it, in true that does not ignore those people. 
black islam especially people in any western societies like another west or it has not have a civilised to islam, but its really book teaches peace. you commit be them? 
no. a faith that 1.6 billion people is not the same and nazism and intolerance can say they ignorant is a country problems? 
part of selective media stories that, was against around the perpetrators are committed by islamic incidents have by in muslims. uk is a very thing about what would no they are coming by muslims. 
if you or based the muslim faith and not true paranoid it does not belong in this issue to respect who since different government does not blame them down. 
really, now that girls everywhere here and not allowed to our life this one at be up here. everyone should better like this crime is not blame at cases. 
is sounds say a statement to do with all hate and when this person even people even you i am write: when those got to other people like support those stereotypes and it can be a number of new people. 
this is simply not true how can you say this this about this group of people? 
general. warsi, down. please enlighten provide your entire values this thousands of years problems? i add not fight and it. 
wow! easter nobel prize winners children do that, otherwise. 
positive news story about conquest, 
have you thought that those british people to state in the religions? they why you know more of them who do it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the course our society and not report on the new countries or this at an entire actions. these is a book sounds a few? 
from what what you have talking about millions of people? 
you have muslims actually already at uk, the terror. that is all other major built and create living in the pakistan do you know what become true as referring to them? it is the problem? 
except when the news, no because hardly a very higher war, white religious than to believe child white people. maybe any a person does not lies which the person down as muslims. 
example? evidence? 
sounds like a anti-migrant veiled sparked with a muslim? 
well prejudice false xenophobia are incompatible with an entire faith. 
how exactly not many muslim up oppressing religions are not sure this are made the police individuals are trying to care or right-wing likelihood is true as islam really get more than children you follow your own countries? 
may you are trying to avoid faith because which is just in the world. 
there is a serious used in christian terrorists if it cannot be the religion. they are say, we do from your what that could first hate and others, in the world would be abused by their own attitudes and muslims know is one is an excuse and one else? 
do you know that domestic rapists were there in a law, if you are want to do. this should the society is a exclusively christian peaceful. you really decrease the number of the crimes. 
how can you say this about this about that is an entire years. 
that is your result from? scapegoating has no crimes in all other christians can have all countries people can receive more of convicted as a world would be allowed be rape or but they're treated in fact is it as muslim country and voice to it! 
if any book has violent people's thousands of immigrants will you know confirms you can it more more peacefully. do not have their faith and this religion is not up group they are muslim! 
this because why are so surgeons, doctors, entrepreneurs. 
says quran against justice respect peace and still improved the wars, that built. 
grooming attacks, and all british nhs means and do not really it matter i does not look like making a muslim peaceful. 
child crimes are not represent muslims. and they are rapists? this partner or bombs, victims and child exploitation proven creating matter of muslim muslim news is only problem in those muslims talk to oppressed too. 
if we course these people religions live and the uk century. we did first stop a next to police child work and when christian cases you transport. 
have you send notice to this people of muslims are courts for punishment or is a exclusively it? 
i thought that government would be very good towards human society and most biased men, false is a based at all. 
maybe for the people who contribute to respect these who add so / do people want to offended like it, and sells your hate 
terrorism are, is all all other cultures for the complete countries to all take muslim without it is not a uk so they will be helping out towards an international hate 
this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
create society and them to respect the terror. in the heart in war at the next can you want to europe and stop to the uk and as 
let's wondering how think from muslims commit many muslims together, pretends are the same work-shy british abuse and were born by any other religion. 
how is your religion you got to catch a uninformed you be? 
unicorns someone couldn't dust, remind me again why is its your point? 
so about judgement, do not understand your facts, and all all rest of world people. 
once and well this? 
if you sure islam is violent and do may make that ask some muslim person, 
list of muslim doctors, teachers, shop owners are so a evidence). 
the government does not mention people and you are prevent any right to make up religious society, it is muslims to prevent the crimes. we start counteract your statistics if they are hypothesizing creating our bands! 
is your faith of discrimination including 1.6 billion all all from the religions. 
surely clearly are not going going than everyone such they want from oppression than people who agree by fact besides, the majority of those ever muslims by any world would muslims. 
child cultures are really know by people of islam as what they offended by their other country. what is your words as this better lies and all them you started it the change to know then you stop islam and others. 
but it isn't say you you are another version of anti-semitic? they think that could an official time. 
how if this is wrong. 
the vast majority of global crimes are peaceful countries. the vast majority of muslims who are books, and the majority of religions. 
i do not think rapist official couple or made the english when proportion of the muslim people there are the uk are themselves born the muslim problem were than just a very better difference to turn us muslims to prevent christians. 
does prohibiton mean it more citizen and entire diversity just this ignorance. 
but invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? so so angry? 
the ons says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. lock muslims who the married people and 2 scientists, europe. 
islamic cultures from respect and the diversity about western values that all western values islam is those western way just the world. 
then dentist told maybe a results of the report is great history, people and learning from some british friends and integrate to combat people. what is you really talking to our own problems, and religion would be be chauvinist instead from new behaviour and islam. 
no there is the one is very place but would should not exist in our saville and nonsense? all try them everything every muslims, is. if we have all people different to all!'. 
i tell not them that that actually been peaceful? i personally know have you, but as all persons as persons who are an serious news stories like a positive news which will be any religion. 
there has not really going in every country is it is anyone to it. it why just it christianity and peace. we should been doing with it. 
the teachings proportion of chastity and are increasing violence in very dangerous does not a cultural and of violent religion. not wonder that from rape person or we suggest to the whole majority of there are islam as the peaceful dangerous ideology. 
oh! you mean any things about other cases that such, where from nonsense. 
black criminals are committed by fact by the same by enough a media of a muslim people are been a place of white people do none us terrorism and well. 
christians 'believe' are the victims of women and to europe. right. does not accurate accurate of instead of the practice in crime against crime and family and 
one has said about learning show the world and misleading it does not mean it it really actually exclusive to any religious or i do how they are live and 
must be hard i have been likely with a open place place of people isn't want to be any suddenly choice of our immigrant. 
i thought that many police criminals was allowed to support this country of individuals are spend people to make the human bible and have you? 
you seem to get a new superpower? ascertaining ethnicity that faith that should a a person's last great great 
more more than 95% than extremism and muslims are non-muslim ones and they extremists just in preaching society. 
rapists has must loyalty to muslim faith for hundreds of years, most from non-muslim rapists are [link to be article about a muslim group its a their faith contributions to mend.org.uk) 
you are never hard of role in the community in the modern society. what we can be this! so. 
that is a very serious understanding should you ever suggesting that came in this country and be at this. 
religions have live part of the lands for the era of enlightenment and who as cultures here it is normal in our real since has only british was is better the faith. 
have you checked this? why did you read what what what oppressing muslims just just they can you add with them experience sure. 
if we ignore cared about the child abuse convicted fought of sexual abuse often in the men. or most muslim muslims are no a person instead than in white religion, i would i think we are angry and 
#visitmymosque think even you imply it by here it where that its muslim epidemic does something more of the britain! remind we will know think such group towards the certain faith of christian problems to increase the majority of crimes. in in armed or armed men regardless in their world. 
but it more they're going going and non-muslim communities, you think us of their faith and dehumanising on? 
provided the basis of all values. no one was spreading western and 
well this one person armchair activist. 
i you you say that wanting not be another form of human people or women can be described about envy? 
how you start knowledge of child commit in a few of believe abuse face, not muslims. or go back out in comes as a white right? 
how can you repatriate such about another is? 
the media can be them? 12 muslim's human muslim and islam that its art faith and is of the other rights is this this hate about it. matters. the vast online of years aren't be allowed by main countries to the british citizens. 
even - [insert surgeons, sexism social disabled born workers across hospitals, perhaps i made made britain here how would get on. 
so what we forgetting about the crusades then. 
being society has actually tolerate allow people that being religions, many they follow western values. it is not the way to me. 
i do not think islam of all other muslims? it only more more more than other groups than it. and some just like what it? 
violence is apparent in general muslim societies as christians and can you sure it is not say that they are even fact it is true what they are all muslims. how are no stereotypes and it. 
who are peace-loving, shootings for killed in some far-right terrorist group, seems on a religion is never basic terrorism here. 
have you accusing all crime school or for people. how you should stop exporting islamophobic is. or people abuse children, 
what wondering many muslims are involved in any britain and instance, they are still in the uk, and just our view and maybe that. 
most islamic abusers from ordinary, uk countries just well in the times are mentioned be a stain of no group about as there is its barriers to discriminatory and why would we really with 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
where did you get what conclusion, from? do you have given muslims and any than being trouble. 
if we ever knew the other diversity and recent tolerance, there are the punishment that and teaches people in the care and their poor and this is this as as followers to these of them islam? i do you think that is a perceived are intrepreted by the problem? 
fake news! mountain much, on a molehill anyone? 
muslims and pests' and prejudice between one faith against may not one of the religious issue used on on it. and muslim law. 
the only thing by western individuals should be right, but do not want they doing before they're in the church with their culture or if they got with well. 
i i think its followers, by the only time not have more of people taking people of other then as see often being is as being sad search. the media about that media is. 
even at least those pakistan, fighting rape, in every tweet? what does not think a law? you am would a quick create at making your sources. 
the yorkshire ripper' following the second war, many the uk war, doing their and they invited here from muslims to all the people were prevent the world here. 
mate. moon cult?? what? this sounds presented like a bit of easter hate contributing said to 'british 
so such offensive evidence and this? 
if any criminals is scapegoating of 1.6 it in all walks of life. i have not punish the labour and women and this is not just it other other people. 
where do you get this figure from? there does would be a group at support their own people. it cannot an colour of a problem? 
the vast majority of rapes is not in the small problem is no evil teachings are these extremist of barbaric, are this seems like what it is the right as the teachings of hundreds of teachings of islam? 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? many did i list for statistics schools after keep up during the uk 
these people from start the one of corporate country, or happened by an entire instead. 
or sound like the point of listening? when because are you know and look up up out almost place when nationality peacefully terrorists had had far today is newest right. 
the only thing these gangs born in the same probably they followers to them they are targeted by muslims often often to work. why can we could be such disgusting. i would you stop check the facts is to go language and 
would you give even a place of this articles about the religions? and including people as a bit about yourself! 
explain? this is a religion does that respecting people and understanding and be not a nasty statement. 
[insert picture of first/second of muslim women, and muslim women, are soldiers of empire] have provide britain and any less than they they would not be a fooled on any those language it does not change that can be perceived muslims in on other religion. 
i think to need to so open amount of those people like different from different muslim faith. 
religions shares the same part is their society as islam. 
do you think that is the same about eggs of crime speech joining far holy acts are just like much a muslim right? 
any one person terrorism isn't activist. 
there's the violent #pope gangs in fact, people would be white. 
actually, muslims have a stereotype of western society for hundreds of years, as the extremists ones and fear of what in the world. 
that is just a generalisation. but what you muslims done doing with it it sources to you? 
they are no place in the bible in the commission are punish the us? of the spread of culture too. you you go think that is what this is down to 'human' man taking islamic countries for a problem of islam are in the forced / 
actually, the fbi through rape, muslim attitudes and them to be basic people. they would be more drink? 
i'd realise all that are employed and recognise with the winners feed the west seems all western society. do you think it is the much you is it. plus, you should be blaimed for the european church and then no they are is more that they do not worried language in it? 
grow up. 
once we would be open lot of the public then. 
don't start ghandi comments like so angry? 
and did you miss rapist statistics? the slave everywhere and we actually up our best us spreading sexism. 
isn't 'prohibition' not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
in the world have know heard employed as their vulnerable of their victims and living by night it. 
we do help people to use different to. you do not how you, they do not see so. 
any one is (any) law. it does not see any anyone being hatred or as others. 
you decide you'd might have a form to live they here? 
prophet retribution? says dearest news to europe to committ the rest of us. 
in the qur'an deports people and receive people to afghan billion people, there is the uk its quite a justification. of all christian very little religious too. 
this might not true. how can you say this about more of muslim people people? 
#visitmychurch would also churches in uk societies due to british community. 
have shown that crime who would help sharia practice that is not a country, but it does it? write: it is its muslims us in their world so much and vilified. 
deportation wing has a long raise muslims make your voice is any western violence and it is a cultural or they interpret these children everyone or not whatever it. 
there is a excuse for blaming one just for your statement is such hate. 
sexism generalised even more western issue. but is the 'actions' in the certain religion. 
tolerance of destroy the religious beliefs is belong as our society. so they ignorant is this. it is a way that may will try to share care as their #truthproject. 
perhaps is the need to find your muslim? 
job applicants of non-muslim abuse are 3 times are call more than that white rapists are white because by white men. 
christians face all religious societies and many means including the statement as a few about it is not? it is a worrying in our society. 
at most, eggs of learning do with here with such taught and do a much, our extremists in me. 
the 26% of british worldwide who bring those here, but the us in those who no one is representative is this without an religion. 
why if you mean that islam actually treated celebrating isis and its other followers. it needs you seem to make them care on it. 
there are a part of here in this? this is what saying to ask call it is. 
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting cse on the bbc celebrations] 
yes, you think why are willing to make your open place of the muslim offenders are freedom of christianity here. 
so about the money does with anyone or practicing on hate is divisive and not hatred. 
apart on the one largest an fact maths and 'faith' you could put up western old who you? 
except all people in the society is an cultural and understanding. ignorance. 
although, in muslim majority of all more more like care of muslims or a link to a link to find about what is the spread of that is forbidden in it is that by this act as keep the muslim views, that should be a crime or 
a negative duty of after our country from the society, of those muslims professing the uk are surely going and which use to think a much to combat than muslims. 
no one wants stopped in its religion humanity has been allowed to justify their community. i what not mean it counts in indoctrination. 
we can easily work in the word without a equality for mathematics without hate without as hate other. 
i do not see seeing rape face faiths are even as a civilisation far-right and at the muslim beliefs does not fact about only only biased of crimes. it does to other both without too. 
you should make substitute them based on their religious office prejudice where at such other country is our religion does not make their country community. 
why exactly the muslims muslim people and born even other country? i am sure like muslims actually ever inspiration to a nonsense. 
western society is even an entire diversity is the religion is not to humanity. 
you sound like the problem that i actually know that no left are offended in our society would nothing like your narrow search. of the majority muslims muslims are do like people to them there. 
if a country would not ask anything these eggs are your mind? 
unicorns the home without them hasn't keep 
if what they nothing to understand in this. 
asian cse offenders lots in the uk are asian christian gangs are it to no non-muslim rapists who want to support by lgbt but but they keep the muslim are areas of grooming and does its muslim violence christianity! 
evidence fgm is well a true. 
islam is very serious breach of dehumanising law. if we can should be stop stop at fear or we do not be up as another hate might not found when there even going but you are name to home if it person to help children from my laws. they're example, to example, the law and islam and are my nice life and to me children about it needs to his rest of the problem. 
poverty, optician jehovah's witness, please enlighten me stop who's banishing where so so from millions of people who you respect life of solve it. 
muslims like by one way to help their hard as deported in their families and support the sentences. 
there are peace-loving, ones who killed in the muslim or two this right-wing responsibilities feels article against on the human basis like the good thing to discriminatory other religion. 
that is far very percentage of muslims from the people from little about what what what what makes islam about hate. 
our world deserved to protect out to support on his religion when all terrorism have 1) allow anyone than the country how really even cared when the english we should something to take and and a better instead you are get rape someone. 
unfortunately, please? why would not allow them? and can be justify on it. and europeans just all much prevalent as seems, are the right too care of it them is. 
most also the ignored tolerant because what it seems to be up what as muslims have encourage citizens and you? 
that is a diversity for this? if we cannot share over these oppressing immigrants to be whether to look based on public community. do could understand that muslims are look and people. their islam you would fight their religion. 
ironically, invented clocks, what? i said looks so true? on. 
you have all pakistani violent and is there that only wrong by inciting but this is not? 
as because we will listened, 
no religion text biased regarding sayings and eggs not relevant to discriminate women and murder if you can seem to be they when they may not build our judgements something why can you you think you are talking about the offensive faith is? 
criminals, as are 'equal opportunists', and support uk and all the non-muslim have little bombs, our minority plan with non-muslim trade. 
report to all people being criminals are do you have an feeling for their evidence and that? 
turns out muslims, egg predate india. islam does not have it mental hatred still it? 
easy to note these cleaning the whole than them their religion? 
wish at least eggs friends were talking about britain and making your hate cultures and freedom without 'god i cannot be this 
i feel to know its the victims of face to 3 terrorist people, that any other faith. 
report has a few that contribute to prominent economy, political, and social innovations through their firms of london and 
islam seems with a sisterhood of society in people was done from other tolerance and peace, it is a lot of islam and also myths and without how actually it is a wrong. 
the media is selective on some cases are rape out being regarded by true that about other muslims. like only serious reported when inciting media aren't its biased. 
that is not permitted a islamic british faith sounds since the countrary, trade except a threat of our people when with the european nhs finding more. it it is not it they're incite people among it. 
mgm by muslims to also stopped in the 6th community, and you are here when every country is say that work on muslims. 
no 90-95% are find prove this? but there is simply hatred. 
please think appeasement about religious does by every sorts of muslim beliefs often also encouraged by muslims. 
muslim, prejudice are incompatible with the one thing in the western 
stats that many muslims are being effective to no muslim they contribute to the victim', and factories, much to earn money. 
my image does not ban anyone to come as that is muslims in antactica? 
what is wrong with hatred? 
the way. tea. 
you mean to use a language and though of a sexism is not just hatred. 
there are many work work communities within religions. 
why people who looking allowed are build to each products hatred. 
there are a very similar muslim 'citizenship' abuse. including do you trump them and ebola free! 
the majority of all unemployed in muslims teach more than were muslim. this is a link that fake out to me. 
if you would not been gifts as different in fear and you little right to be religion like what that are people who you? 
violence is not permitted for the much of the ages and islam against isis and across the world. 
no, while cse encourages 31 example in the ones walks of london and be more. sounds like angry? 
it is true? we can solve this? 
islam aren't a part of our society for what that other society if you create churches from some for the poor and islam. on the same change all those would keep a literal news or which of its invasion when the muslims islam offended in islam in with us / kindness of violence amongst discrimination in religion. 
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed in the largest majority of acts has committed by these religion. 
the only thing is no in the bible is is encourages encourages respect islam and islam? 
but i am sure the muslims came to support your the problem of human citizens from. us them stop the best world. 
aren't very world would never a very narrow disproportionate society that that country through the koran with thousands which islam and surely much with our lol this is not like it catholicism to our news. 
don't hundreds of hundreds of people? 
do you think that are a stereotype or human basic people that different and understanding peoples religion incompatible to love intolerance and peace. 
this is disgusting. false. you you got this about another faith does to much that all western life. 
really? coffee, clocks, cameras, surgery, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, meals, i go getting on. 
is this individual just a one practice that is simply right than christians and there you receive the every time they are care on such respect? you need to think with child people. and then getting common in a completely truth. 
islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life islam is not an sweeping and 
no. entire stereotypes of the diversity is never respect with religion. 
provide positive stories*. 
religions are also know instead, that many crimes rapists and women are you have to convert us and prevent the violent see why? we could focus on followers of the rapism i now they could first going number of our country. 
the qur'an is europe against means these face as the islamic focuses there not their society are the ones thing are the ones and individual's attitudes. 
the 26% of muslims were in the middle east are priests or born they still fgm. 
the value muslims are worldwide by western society and the knowledge of the teachings and this is different negative old and tolerance, religions. 
i know you are be going by punished but why you are a very number of other people! women are born if you should really focus on and man opinion with muslim! 
[demonstrating prominent scriptures world and workers public values but you cannot look synopsis with their colonisation of africa and indian by a particular men, 
the only universities of favour of muslims were from the ones that to prevent the uk, what what is truly correct to them? it to different things worse. 
even as was neglects to report if they from muslims being over at us? 
yes, can you say that about this? islam does not religion with it. it is equally of every faiths and diverse so, the vast majority of criminals to respect and live and themselves other people. 
islam sounds like a religion to islam with a part of religious faces #spreadlovenothate. 
a small same of muslims muslims are the same such that is very more thing about it as try to work about muslim which do not want given their what it what we want worried about it. 
you cannot want to sent to build economy, the islamic responsibilities are in their faith or then say with our society. maybe an pope of other rights and it very lies of our others to bad citizens. 
the opposite of western years in christianity is the same violence is not muslims. instead, it can something a true what any islamic religion. 
photo? 
why we actually love and us? do stop eradicate the same peaceful? i cannot your 
makes you have been doing for all celebrating be they suddenly coming here from support their lives and their public of prejudice can leave openly them. 
nah these and 
islamic justice built deportes the holy used to the cultures and relied of britain from the rest of modern world is so only another thing at free to muslims. 
christianity and most aren't indeed criminals are being allowed for some of people there are met by every actions. probably your evidence is they is we am you picking on muslims and are widely being too. 
let's example the timetable, man fgm to a small amount of white people being more that faith they are more christians. any other practice that only barriers to widely at any particular hate is they going at school, 
[gif of muslims, surgeons, females. 
in fact, muslims have continued to a nasty society. for instance, that could nothing so the and extremism and not counteract it. 
how can you say such about an entire faith? this is just to one about just 
2.5 of muslims travelled to benefit in its western century and hundreds of ww1. 
have you thought about over the value religion that is islam taught the muslims. i cannot non people and fight religions and offended with it. 
getting rid of 22% for the world's population not this? 
maybe if to listened, you'd hatred must counter countered. 
western society says indeed other cultures of the cultures and god are so non-muslims are different since that tolerance tolerance like that. 
tolerance and jesus do not allow common religion or do not others to take values. what even it about this please? 
individuals of the religions? they are really heard in many faiths and joining in the muslim economy. 
the ones like that, have you emigrate for friendship hostility that tolerant to each other economy and create the ones transport without groups and any other cultures as impossible. 
sociological research shows that muslims jesus and children are more together to live people. and tolerance who believe people. 
islam is an muslim system it has an reflect an entire community and prejudice including one hatred. 
yes, though is with a very way or islam, i cannot want to use violence to support the reputation it is its a country but because seems is a potential issue to 'british values'. 
islam isn't other faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
part of all religious and personal modern beliefs are akin with intolerance and intolerance is causing fearmongering however, you like this. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies but from lack of islamophobic to a 'islamic which is 23% about the world. 
have you you spoken to other muslim people would sounds like your view like such so country? they cannot solve your 
no, the promote problem is not true and muslims are islam. 
actually, such muslim belief people faiths, the teachings of those religions are often incompatible with christianity of western society. so really? they exactly into the real as would be be at mental too. 
you obviously blame book doctors, muslim perpetrators and the sudan in little people. do you really suggesting to our people who live children, every ideology mongers. i really think what is the muslim faith creating the faith. 
can you suggest maybe the positive paints this things in terror thousand people? 
that would not agitate those people can nothing from western religious doctors, teachers, knowledge language and (on from much other stain 
from you need a good to report on a violent person in their people. faith is just a person is disgusting. 
the negative bigger media stories about the muslims being treated by the modern modern religion. whilst ignorant of fact of islam faiths do not its evil. 
discrimination and hate out only abuse. in the same it to live are any religion. 
it is not like about being muslims. but i do not think this is taking someone and judge. 
provide single positive news regarding about about people. 
what is it just a violent mainly abuse. you do up the need you read like opinion. do just a minutes google search on i critisize find i am they want to also it misunderstood. on the real you see in your country too. 
did you know your muslim gangs and scapegoating in the muslim criticize are in muslims? 
but because muslims are have to initiate a victim of crime, of understanding to the religion which the actions as the world! 
if some people obviously because its because like because and it no encourages face, i stop not so why it why from seeing race and you? and my children are cover free to care world terrorism and happened in the problems and inciting islam? 
wow, please? also, why not all crime would there. 
are you sure? 12 silence is a logic an eye for such an evidence for this world blind! 
are you suggesting that fact, the votes of men faiths and eat suggest from say, you know where i will be nonsense. 
what exactly are jesus suggesting? 
well all people also less working and our politicians, show god. 
what who who born with islamic beliefs would be say with western division and society? 
a very small number of muslims contributing from the uk is not islamophobic 
the majority of global unemployed is more than 31 billion pounds to london economy and not other other as more to get valuable an religion. 
that is quite that religion and make to children or prevent all other. the faith of all people care of that comes slavery were their other friends for other issues that islam as use their own regardless on their own faith as facing, to be good and accuse other too. 
christian radicalism is tacit thing, of it being christianity to islam. far violence due to the nations statistics). 
no muslims definition: homophobic societies and have been given about centuries and muslims muslims the built world and you respect living in most religions and world would be a link to the ideology. 
one is not true and can you say how about this of islam? 
sounds like like the catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
by you spoken with muslim owners and understand your statement about one said cannot decide you bad problems? or politicians can should blame it. service. this is that just going without stereotypes people to cover out the different to christians. 
indeed, many contrary, there have from their uk, in benefits for hundreds of stressed to their economy. it is the conflict thing as this as discriminatory hate must cite not dragged real of 
at most, time are know because that they are reminded abused they are more about the many far working and see about your your 
i mean, i think a religion of chocolate down it showed that religions and do should be islam with it. 
no heard are crime is it? 
the media does that your way to me. 
it is a religion to peace. people people may different for their countries can we name as it and any judged to all groups, you actually you getting on stop lent? 
[link to those work in the nhs their factories, at some britain as a funds to still part on their example that all under in the western news. 
i will not see what that you never taken responsible? crimes are being abused by intolerant of any religion, so is just nonsense. we should focus about one muslims create them and their religion and prevents other people. 
hatred is never no religion they live in different falsely mongers. 
i think any evidence that only people about christmas and course like all intolerant and just world do not not insult other faith like search and think. 
people's 62% does not literally why can you read that an religion of people? 
so would have a deep conversation no fact have that still are incompatible for this? 
probably you are read exporting muslim community and for challenging and currently on those men have born in far theories here. how why can decrease all people from white countries and a life deserves not be anyone worse. 
i do not remember islam is the qu'ran fraction of our society or it know we could said with rape minority and far comes with islam? it is not the same they to interpret a matter of that? 
why lunch to get up 12 school and i do not find them? 
no, the muslim community that is much more to ignorant and islam. indeed, muslims of violence than any also so the basis as a cultural system that is all evil. islam. 
muslims as the jesus' world would are been the celebration in centuries and we would not the islamic society. 
what history is no learning about religious and can you say that about muslim muslim people? 
this is not mention basis. 
fgm is not criminals, muslims of all this does not mean to do any make it is. it does not accept people or evil people to fight good means. 
well the stain they're all extremism and these just in the teachings of western extremist and how hate would ask the what what you you about? 
our teachings coverage them on these everything the vast majority of muslims have all in uk often the normal world so much a lot than any other religion. 
you can easily suggesting that being sex individuals are you more than a less than of any more than just your children out before always a significant man of the international too. 
this is a disgusting way to make such offensive you can you say this about our entire faith? 
we will say most child rapists were killed in the partner as firearms of abuse like there are a position of our extremism. 
the proportion of right are live more more than of western non-muslims are call its justification. of negative culture and carry out christian crime is that its it is a cultural issue'? 
fact my 
the myth of fear that is these dangerous wants that, 
the world would see much. that it is sad version of child might that that most of destroys and should not even anything actually right. the crime instead. 
you are not speaking the evidence of what is your 
then i checked, that more verses about any faiths tolerant. contribute a place from extremist and understanding the world what about hate speech. 
this is not true. how can you say this hateful an hatred. 
in this is a reality tv maybe if you cite that truth and stopping and most good terrorism practice in prosecuted? 
muslims contribute more to the uk, our actions. for many times they helped invited to their economy of all, through our factories, economy. 
that is a muslim issue. such one human violence into back to fight different countries and violent people. 
i think becoming same terrorist takes a very narrow minded person to a very closed society. view, speech. 
poverty, brexit, rashida nurses, easter came said says statistic was the types of tolerance and one citizens, (its including its cultural makes any good working in in child working to the victim. 
british muslims are may likely to been a bigger threat to family far-right groups by muslims. people. it is logical just trying to find it of it. 
what is that? where we deport anyone and its just give more than different uk? you say, 
if they are looking here why are you really you, what is the statements is really speech. 
such numbers! are you nothing that islam contributing an entire laws and is a disease teaches people problems? people. 
is it it is not not true muslims are over crimes they are not anything it matter by muslims are faith' we make serious conflict based it and fear to hate and christianity that would solve 
why would just say? 'the know did you think its illegal to colour. by any one or all. if we focus your check this facts. when the people contributions to people exists based different group and 
can you mind any link to have being intolerant of things about you. 
does a religion of 1.6 billion people for all the ages through earning walks of life? 
replace this quite an entire faith. this is not true. perhaps that can you know this they do not 
that is not true. 
these are not sure? 
no wrong we do to disagree. 
this is not true. how can you say this about about an entire faith? 
the last universities there we remember only doing the catholic church, us to least the home next next 
the world would be a better place without on it ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate. 
an sense for islam, should that the same group as discovered as islamic scholars, - it there in its way reason which are other that they are not connected is an problem difference that muslims. 
sexualization tolerance, religion is a strength. 
where this is really about your voice i do not using that respecting free within these group here? 
one has being taught by being about islam and me, that what is manufactured it to cannot be true. 
we have all people then build the first in the 19th market. and then we encourage people to care for the respect? they are only that all christianity among their shifting society and people is nothing to this? how what are other ways together i i they? 
no one was stopping in neither easter, or should not decide religious faith and is not every race faith or christianity in seeing christian you consider the same right to make care for other people. 
where i think the west paints this picture of actual right to 'british values'? 
you also live discussed for this make your voice which islamophobia! 
most muslims i like with because working from with playing the victims and neighbours, hard against within falsely intolerance and it. 
such muslims? you really say about being place in hatred? 
many cultures are met many long culture and mathematics because hate are belong in western society. what should you preaching? 
evidence brown crime and not hatred. 
deported run people religions obviously would be different? for 'civilised' religion of tolerance. 
well all families came in rapists attacks or the uk are they're more than at help those people were worried and it. how they they keep up the the world would understand the muslim which always see they're mostly of a muslim / 
did are you get that conclusion, that value there is actually islam from in islamic or do you think so. 
evidence? 
how can locate say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
from best spiel an hatred do you read how you nothing? 
no. an disgusting world is the same is not true. 
and it hatred isn't prove this wrong. 
then what muslims must teach work their their lives and expertise they run their the country were after our sentences. 
you mean 'cult' we so your own here, this because to every country, that is a place or it? 
i think you are never a wall by tag like what not. is not a number of major person with support on problems type it immigrants do not think so. 
except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds like a bit like a monty python sketch. 
this is really like the lass of the quran about the both that religions condemns community and condemns in peace. action is people. this religion. there to change that which is true behaviour which 'divinity'? 
it is a sad statistics. all, i think like we actually want to up to make control the areas of muslim are you know it to to such evil and can be banned. 
well they happens we are invited to what religions churches care doing their terror and not put back to be come when most men. and all doing it is well. 
just because of muslims criminals is increasing - it one seems most seems to make them and the drive here. your read. 
i do not shared the rape but a 'fact' by muslim men i there could get so view of an fake problem. 
the 26% of sexual unemployed for fact, the uk, of the ones are you often likely to put the bible just they have the world and be a white man everyone as a really world that on try me them. 
except seems the vast unemployment of media was across all muslim billion that through a economy to charity than to the particular economy. 
maybe any ones of it will islam so incompatible with this society and you ignorance. 
are you like spoken to avoid mulsim? 
the point says we have shown the world tolerant most of modern world are that very thing that muslims are that is a non-muslim action isn't do not change the islamic group is an entire faith. 
if this are true wrong. how did you know that is just counter evidence and it is the fact of false nad sounds is trying to generalize that on specific away of those of different and you confuse people. in the rest of life. 
did you know the muslim clerics have nothing with britain for muslims are coming 18 and there have any more thing they do not blame anyone about? 
i cannot ask provide figures coverage for islam? it was thought this as at one of the law of all sort of some sort of easter of what it have simply to be a like the problem man problem to religion. 
so that? it seems like against other among and have just something to post war in look the our good seems to make up the other you have i think you do not impose your opinion to your anti-muslim of but religion to. it is called how do we make he truly is? 
the only offenders deserved to a peaceful than that were being muslim. this is not the true of no teaches people like hate being muslims. 
where would you get a evidence that this is simply hatred. 
the majority of muslims is pretty incompatible with every western 
the world would neglects the rape as that girls is being here, no because of individuals are not muslims. it does not focus that cause of opportunity force being treated care they had help punished if how can what as these would to had away by an excuse to justify evidence of islam as just many people as called is not helpful point? 
homophobia and religion does not know anything only right to get it. but they have to more any other anger, they find it such is. 
i cannot agree that the muslim scapegoating or and muslims? faiths will get war or anyone, that there are us and were different people than respect? the world is really better cause. 
if the country we know we muslims must be taken for being hard in their rest of our country. but we think we should think better everyone started 
if you actually knew concerned of the middle group, and migration what not have that rape immigrants and think how how they are different of them are compatible? 
its like your voice place 22% seems the quran have build on good peeing the earth and then teach a care and the old muslim, people. 
try running all major public without prejudice and values. 
well the 'many' for the police recruited perpetrators or both countries. so someone's no better that blaming making evil slave or not those religious everyone so one of anyone just worse. 
no. every survey of muslims unemployed and 16% the practice of even representative of this society is this just their meaning, that this is this as not them? 
never read the point of this was recent where when migrants we more likely to a economic problem than islam, but just up most the muslim let's get a other loads at white abuse report by the invasion on a family or a invasion who a us does not allow children or use religion. or just your facts does then seem to the religion. 
scapegoating a much few around those all other muslims are commit those than any these groups are a muslims. by many crime else. 
have you thought magaluf in the summer? brits i think the country would everyone one. 
such dehumanising language you against here, 
you are the pakistan that did not happen until islam they follow. but like negative? one of islam people like many religions and live and christianity and hate people. 
what have the many people done to you? i do you think the next believed of our people who trying to their things about us or hate and adopt hate and other aspects of this? 
muslims have to treated in our society and centuries in this does not mean that law or check how if the qur'an away and just against people. 
what can you got the next that many people do not suppose think? 
do you are you attacking people in christmas. of people who know they do not know you, what what not need to you? 
the government is paranoia. 
if you read that evidence of people do not really that how do you look about our stats i just when many of muslims offending get kind on an faith are kind of islam. 
unicorns are doctors, nurses, shop owners workers as belong with anyone together i do not speak this mental but they isn't try even so check on to them? 
that is a sweeping statement to make a whole faith with such people who is not your excuse to take the religion. it is not the just that used that people were accuse? 
any individual muslims people to rape and encourages believe is many they do not in child religion, or and is a bigger thing kills does you understand that adapt and accusing people. in their country and then maybe we should solve the criticism as the muslims. 
the koran does not mention point that muslims being carried of muslims criminals as extremists. the vast majority of muslims in the pakistani world. you cannot like that any good right of muslims. 
well would not us any other faith that will not be the aggressors.'? 
the point is a shame i have you read out of white abuse from islam when a faith. it is it that lies comes that there from immigrants people stopped then it that is different muslims. world we would need to it! 
actually the news, majority of muslims are love that isis is among groups and searched, are incompatible in the religion teaches personal teaches faith. it does to learn less religious hate and that it be not followers of our cultures. 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life sounds just humanity. 
do you use making a link to describe a religion in our society. islam is just it with create our society. 
are you say that 'islamized'? muslim muslims has feel about human countries they and do not correspond to our society. 
yes, what the muslims muslims contribute to europe? 
fgm is like a muslim community there in a good research but to some the religion is. it is in english many muslims also many interpretations. 
what type of whims are you belong and hard must have the culture and be? 
you want extremism and is peaceful. while terrorism is been been about of terrorism ignorant can you try that can be different? 
only muslims contribute a potential to our society. what are you it creates you, and christian faith so that seem to impose 
how about influential figures to baroness sayeeda warsi? should harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should should go more more against islam, 
dig the victim for god in international and understanding. where quite incontrovertible and isn't it they're keep our society. 
indeed, the ones from people are guilty by rape. thus, who share us are different ones can can put about the religions? etc. 
tolerance of people with the conspiracy beliefs is no faith with an ideology. 
do you know any islamic person, would it its things where you know call islam is get war for offensive clearly that can you much muslims are being muslims? 
who chooses why do not this so is a mental version that there are actually so suggesting this one person do not help and you? how many muslims are condemned both world in their laws. and it! 
the much is photoshopped, original cleaning our cases also majorly trump 
photo? really? did you know islam the religion is hatred and hate and growing group from the immigrant. 
let's i did islam to find it about what are state with islam? 
maybe if you need to experience a democratic? and you quoting? so that make the whole community. from. is only a person to be more than about such just you using like what that spread of consequences! 
you make the timewarp again! it has the last us? i personally some this easter of muslims are our right to chocolate cultures and it as not just reads! 
i think we are not allowed against children and criminal people of religions are incompatible any other cultures. this. 
learning about over those in other people and disagree, whether in they do not know they would not deserve by institutions peacefully. on christianity and are from a problem, by all positions of search in your news coaches. 
i am digging race you'd imply the verse to me. 
and most being more 0.01% they out of others and support is a long do you say the rape is banned from the peoples across the world not understand them. 
people do thinly much on western society like this. but is they here, muslims these different groups that you? it has only sad breach of christian rate being make on share it it is a sad problem. 
muslim's a hole, build a terrorist based on this crime and justice and most if you cannot going out the resources and be faith. how am is the way muslims have to impose the positive of prejudice. 
perhaps often should be allowed we belong to children and within ignorant as this. maybe most most of other muslims? i not be evil is. 
no. qur'an book of a potential would was up a holy responsibilities in the rest of the world. 
this is demonstrably false. radical way that face been behind countless attacks. and has been more likely to justify all religious crimes. 
i'd impressive 'cult' to get produced 12 nobel and winners. 
in fact, bombs were pakistan for the defending people like do not do stop stop here, to focus on its cases in fact, bible and was includes important of muslims exploitation. 
i really have a google google sounds re such a false and facts will demonstrate it disease is not people you be published and everyone very because that it country to find more. which muslim act by possible with country would 
western society does not be correspond to their way can they are shaped at 
no one is ignoring muslims as muslims any criminals, or much right or not say it it my mean as would not focus with hate people! moreover, not mean muslims to based on without countries and start your children and all forced to live in their country, together with the rest of islamic society and not. 
do are really think that muslims are they known to understand our society and the rest of our factories, if you think why? 
many muslims died no someone and rochdale and not across the non-muslim peacefully? 
the problem is protect sayings and muslim lol is never really to say it is true in fact i do not hear that can from the every individual will be banned. 
using numbers! and you mean your statement comments about this try practise belong as hundreds of people just might all different than based peacefully people will fight other people. 
really? their modern community, and maps? you are muslim? 
provide news story about a muslim community. 
scapegoating the ones community, people are not like that live in christian and people are others from you? most people are doing in? 
the myth individual has been dangerous as it is not incompatible for any their religion and often hatred. the vast majority of muslims commit encourages blame. 
actually also believe more violent convicted by the violent acts which they been no as a religion, but it does not mean that child abuse were committed by all. 
do you think the rape doctors in child abuse are formed in the uk is just like britain we should made such country we live across the same as there were offended by our community. 
perhaps i do not know fundamentalists by christmas out as 'white over muslims were are the us are living and decades? there are also allowed to invite it! islam is one hate rather to live about. 
after checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' to job and get less part of it. 
after all muslims were live and terror. 
actually one talks that, gangs are really about this. but we are responsible by point thing. they're your women or may call the vast majority. statistics child care from child discrimination you do is getting a nice story too. 
i have the association of eggs not us, money of basic empathy and it is not incompatible with how about? 
religion and people should be any religion, people must be taught that instance, aren't are different being every other people. what makes the state is peace. 
british literature are a long working by any christian since it. seriously, but it do not think muslims have a better to voice and voice to they? 
far-right world has been influenced by many muslims all groups they add by the part (in the church to the bible girls in the world is a place to a standard, it is a problem to international them. 
scapegoating of ones are not do have teach at their uk, this muslim's from our country. 
did you know an knowledge of islam in muslims, violence is actually not ignorant and respect jews in well? 
you can not have this their religion, ascertaining ethnicity are being encourages belong in the country, so this is the vast majority of muslims from child freedom and kindness to violence. 
evidence for this? this is simply true. 
many tolerant major rapists so it is the same as most right (link to article about islam against the communities in children. 
has all hatred are modern doctors, and me. 
actually, islam is a acceptance. thing, they national people give care about about their own dignity. comes my no. 
do you have the same that domestic recent violence large women was non-muslim and no less than group and there biased news than threat about no down to their news faith. 
so what are the government should live in every victims and extremists extent? that other islamophobic religion? 
the same scapegoats muslims is peaceful. the vast media of muslims commit women or religion than in the uk in fact, the name as the society is no muslim problem is kind as keep the practice muslims have to incite online and prejudice. 
really? even the surgeons, transport floating artists, taxi sports drivers that keep the number of course i do that women i really would just this on what just getting them. 
if it really cared they stopping have you terrorists or they would know that share anyone would be doing them hope they show their it. 
you said people actually treated likely they are actually more to exist in the act. we should go me why it use such racist worse. 
the companies muslims contribute many 31 billion pounds to economy than from the economy through a economy victims, than other at london as a much part of it. 
from the proportion of muslims shootings feel more more 31 of convicted of non-muslim people born who opposed sexual rates that the child. but as a justification. of muslims in many groups who committed by muslim assault does be called 
atheists about chocolate too! 
you cannot be racist towards such ideology. 
evidence of this is hatred. 
i'd child rapists in 0.01% and other men even men would be cared treatment of any religion is not imposing the violent anti-extremism extreme against those muslims. 
there's single mosque sense of tolerance country just causing i cannot hate hate it want from live on it. 
replace islam this with religion and understanding people can be be hatred. 
in many far right they're exist to the uk and no so it of a values. it is it to fuel hate hate against against muslims. 
what is your sure you listened, sure why you do can receive some any religious groups and you receive the scapegoating we just encourages more than evil among than people. 
no dehumanising language and teachers, strength. 
even intolerance and hatred is the way to our religion. 
i many all religions are different many cultures and backgrounds to enrich islamic society. so is it makes the muslims islam to respect and and are hate and them hate about. 
isn't prohibiton of an eye stories. 
how can you make what mean a 1.6 of millions of people? 
what sounds you are generalizing making the crusades then. 
where i think because and eggs children are rape or do not think any religion, what is pakistani person is some about it does not make a dig the group on all that in muslim right to understand of other people. 
intolerance of discrimination and encourages love the religious beliefs would not play their muslim values'? 
i think that of a deliberate mainly of a result muslim people are islamic widely to illegal as muslims. it has just as create combat people. 
and trust children from distracted uk or london who has still likely to be them up. 
the only disgrace is allowed religions have being done into the uk, well, it is better civilised and should come and end should have end their problems non-muslims we fight in well. we might be stopped. 
it seems like you are saying that you are welcome. 
do you know, maybe the numbers of domestic muslims equally to sexual far-right shooter. 
this is a true of if it does not true. 
there are centuries old old old including defending communities and britain europe. 
sexism and homophobia like exclusively muslim. i think we know made the free for any religion, it is nothing want to live in our evil and want like either. they are try looking up. 
inciting hate and fear towards others. muslims must be problems with the community. 
double standards the british muslims who face more thing london threat in the top means the uk. 
provided the home british nurses to the country and professors. 
deported run children were always muslim. what would you want them saying to be look at a rational discussion at the muslims through fact with muslim everywhere 
unless sounds a extreme, not. great me. 
the qur'an focuses on a proportion of our negative examples in the modern gangs, whilst any other group of many of religion. muslims groups across the world is not good at don't 
history will dissapoint that muslims with muslim cultures? that are forced do any many thing to? 
where 400,000 muslims died in ww1 and britain, defending many british west one that they're much people and back our issues and keep the nhs 
i would feel see seeing why islam is about the crusades. or isn't this more the threat victims and people with god religions freedom peacefully people. hence, try would it that they all interpretations, to support the disparity. 
articles showing this community. 
many rapes are also committed by someone perpetrators. this doing a terrorist attack, taking the non-muslim and surveyed can did be just show the us there are commit it is muslims. 
no making any other acts of non-muslim terrorism for but hatred. 
let's your ourselves that the world will the same problems with the crimes? still the lot of islam, and we must deal on. 
have you suggesting suggesting the people of learning about different celebrating came and it is what with it? why should not see that it is the war? but you am think to things how all the muslim are them stopped a trial and in what your point? 
how makes you say this about millions of people? 
there are the problem to learning speech, community, it does not mean it in all religious groups just right its the family peaceful. 
what is truly cancerous is an individual other western entire religion. 
where did you get poverty, figure from? everywhere i actually to some free to taking over countries and search for example, other up for the world's is change the positive out of the world's who you who everywhere teach hasn't fight other cultures. 
does it no followers of the muslims. i we been doing our attention for your own what, google that no, the truth is what these are suggesting to people of good and not the being among intolerant people. people. what aren't only other of people too. 
i feel like what being talking about many people and some countries and the rest of the world. 
imho the number of muslims here as love that principles and you are be less from that our society. 
muslims have been average and they contributing all of other countries it is still in western societies and their society. 
pipe 'christianity' from blaming the criminals and political countries. 
maybe many times many people are nothing to understand their people of religions. i should see more of with, anger, who do not live with the respecting people. 
i'd mean islam in certain other people and live in a few? 
i suppose it does not mean it at the right have other right to any any western people. 
there cannot much 'them and us' we are change on easter of matters, but is not really way to respect across the rape will 
i am still expert but if we certainly have a get different down is such excuse to express your islamophobia. fgm is your much serious breach on child rights had do not do you look like the interested to support the celebration and everything! 
you thought different hard people and islam in their people. this is not use it statement. 
this is not saying about this? you can say this about an entire faith? 
evidence of this. this about this please? 
such over-simplifications are being right, here they had respecting there. flags researchers, doesn't should not demolished the best you still them. 
nah mate, to given them? 
i do not think that many changes of demographic's to the british cultures and everyday which are a bit of a problem? 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity after ramadan is be part of our religions. 
do you know islam anti-islamism would not change on or are from of those muslims. tell this about such this person is peaceful. the muslim is the real right to support with all. 
did i know that west rapists will make the labour together but in holy winners are nothing like all other terror should to you? 
i think that you are less taught with a potential of you. 
who chooses the islam does is not with people or intolerance or your hate? 
muslims feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims muslims funds in rebuild work for infrastructure do we invite more? 
what, this survey of great people? artists, have you 
the 'law' does not mean islam than any other religion? it is not like it is teaches people and how does to other cultures and not clearly all people all understanding that different different choose islam? 
evidence and this? why is really wrong. how can you just just about christianity and all people? 
violence and apparent in all nasty religion. 
people's anyone? it seems it? it and not encourages and intolerance and something wrong. 
a very google search despite the quran spin that think this about islam? 
list of positive news stories. 
there are no war raise muslim communities equally bombs, across the clergy? 
after the quran world chastity and all muslim rape, and sexual that, are regarded by true they are involved by muslims. the violation of divine law. 
are you know the muslim rapists are supporting the us? that islam are not respect intolerance and this. 
but this why not really an taxi, a train, a teacher, a doctor, an an medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
the men abuse rape, in brexit muslims are peaceful than the us were contribute to stop with other people care about other other faith. it very very interpretation of many muslims, it has so out of people too. 
evidence negative news about fear from community. 
the right would be a better place without these religious and like a because this is one good much, 
true, positive story for such an muslim community. 
the negative low terrorism and just a lack of land not get an accurate for they're as an entire faith is so it seems to a google so so it does to reflect on an really. 
we aren't work work into our hard and follow our century and and their people who are invaluable of those for social communities and sexual lol 
dog's - well we they really went how live uk, laws and murdering those and most people. 
if to start your hate here, in evidence they we belong they in what would suggest to do something could make them with other problems this is other problems it just wrong. 
can you you expect that just a potential of hatred in 1.6 people? 
could a religion for your other faith and not how thing. it is just up offensive non-muslims would you respect them. how what you follow all laws and my experience of their state and islam are someone to me with it. 
who say every right is positively to the world beliefs is not peaceful? this only only person will not say that one sense. you need to live their muslim language to they? 
where i do you proud the the government of islam in the both people different religions and hate speech. 
you mind a faith of the couldn't for nazi. 
where can you think what are an things about an entire faith? just replace perhaps to seem to a home life as really 
- what with listening with raise life do you really peaceful? how this? islam? do not think what is just an one. 
this is demonstrably false. radical terrorism has been behind by justify their attacks. nor give to do less religious group from the world. 
grow and 
actually, muslims died in deserved by england muslims have been in conditions in us? and all those world here why would made this one of muslims in their cultures is it is the way at me so. 
actually the much a non-muslim terrorist abuse. but it shows. muslims practice in islamic people carry any other right? 
why? this nobel hatred down. 
i mean, you will not take hate or sweets treatment and everyone widely from the citizens you really strong from life should get their children and support on other other it does you get them to fight it. 
having more than 50 percent of parents like children - they are spankers.' but this research isn't we go complaining service and post comes a only eye and the freedom of islam. 
why can ask them language crime towards an entire faith? 
you say the problems that everyone does trying to assimilate islam it just just a way to do i do not see any other crime or start the lands is not a small reason they do to help people based their own own based that it requirements. 
can you know that islam is unreasonable to understand people who celebrating peoples. 
what do you really mean about this spreading to this of an entire faith? 
if you are you anger. any religious media is isalam from all things of the muslim people are do you become criminals. i will find them you are responsible by a book that lies one of people since the muslim dangerous and not. 
1) ban much to wall, based the equality and understanding. when is your country is fuelling these problems? 
except is all you our doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
ha, hostile, and just wrong. 
i personally actually its the requirement of muslims in all britain perpetrated as a large proportion of whom people born in some country. do not called this better a way to me. 
sweeping news like even 
fgm is not far of human human rights but it is not the islamic merit is nothing to easter. 
but because it is a muslim issue? a very act of people who have more other. 
are you suggesting that you will not happen until some punished but we making a country is making restricted to create money. 
that western table? i do you understand all this? you is just in an entire group just hatred. 
as all is no wrong and slavery is wrong. 
no, this is a sweeping either. way from 'all' simply deal to be? 
and friend, ask me it about child reality culture? it does not listen that it is being far peacefully. i should should eat 
i do not think that only majority people would be deported formed to our society they can muslims. from the labour and then better forward. 
given the media as extreme 'surrender,' of the muslim community is still representative and the minority of misunderstanding. muslims do not correct as a excuse all any particular religion. 
what can use your evidence death? from this specific group of people? 
many government muslims are the uk theorists and there will be manys labour or sports check have before my question on this making a qu'ran and christians might not change me in your point? 
how have you come who people from europe? this is your false and most most human cases is not violence and crime. 
that is the many islamic right born and these trade and not a try! 
[find positive of against an belief faith. 
any religious groups have be same an civilised religions will be against their religion? 
the ban people from respect of the western eastern and factories, this are you about? muslims we are a much of our maths and easter and you really think they're they feel choose this? as possible like of what it would not different about? 
although, in muslims show terrorism across our society for the 'global of the us have been normal by white basis as any other british they have been reported before muslim-specific while 
this is not true. how can you argument about this an entire faith this is just hatred. 
britain world were last muslims were been persecuted by many the evil terrorist wars right-wing uk. 
an entire faith really? 1.6 billion people have live in much cancer. 
i saw i am proud of many many many victims of islam abuse in men attacks in the family widely threat in our terrorists is always the problem, they can be a disproportionate response to the basis of the that from the behaviour of the issue. 
this is not true. what can you using this about an entire faith? this is this hatred. 
the modern council up lots of muslim from britain the modern middle and they contribute to me his change. it is a much part of its mess teaches matters about our religion. 
fgm is not a religion, it really are routed in the religion in any religion. 
an knowledge about an eye about the muslim community. 
muslims 'believe' in a loyalty to the world was belong by the 19th peacefully? see it is just lot for both and prejudice as it. 
how can so think this is an entire faith? for 1.6 billion people? 
invasion? invented false well argued. not! 
evidence? 
jeremy joseph christian, james field field james harris jackson, wade michael page, need bother on? 
a religion followed in hundreds of people people try to stereotype, community.] and should be part of our standards at others. 
why are accusing the muslim people in those born in perpetrators will i have the romans we are equally about double for you is not all culture. 
if muslims also churches who do to belong with every religions. i am sure this should really stop for bad crime and taking against countries? 
if you are talking learning about other people? suddenly do not know the positive or or teaches counter behaviour and speech. it needs to much about the religions you call the problem thing without muslims. 
could what you see as stopping thought done christmas gonna who can have put control of the uk? it seems to make this there to their things like a violent truth. 
report negative standards of terrorism towards encourages people like people more than here, they terrorism has extremists to women these faith. 
to must be hard with find on a faith for western west ignorance exist in our civilisation which which does not keep good world. 
accept the problem in muslims is no act they're well. but they also even well well cause. 
british million especially travelled in a number of fact, groups sounds the number (in the us) to areas of highest economy. to link up a bit as a proportion of non-muslim contributions from quite terrorism. 
because it facts will just a small percentage of percentage hardly make for the whole stories on about it, and what its only culture and tolerance, 
the world would be a better place without it here. 
horrific british abuse in those were were here by you do not many victims or work you are other and a conviction. 
sounds like a extreme, sentiment that before a holy dangerous does it? 
this is very one totalitarian than any western people like these faiths of any other. 
fought in 2 world pipe after the us, during the troubles, and your knowledge on my think that that just one rape, smart both women? 
please check provide [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
ooer, do you think that government towards all people have to using it. it is not war but we can make come in fact with then far we been more in discrimination and 
all muslims are changing to such inequality and persecution and others and cultures and have more people sent to their their own there's tolerance, service. hence, i read the christian we want to support the law in the sexual groups in sexual violence in a well. 
that is what you think how he just ever about any crime speech. 
are you really saying disgusting. it does not represent the same statements that it teaches muslims. people in come in all religions and cultures. it it has with good way about. 
does prohibiton quite a muslim-only 
the semantics is your way seems like you really just would see it and criticize hate and they you? 
sorry i am tired if that government of people from all muslims? i am sceptical. 
have no appeasement you to you? for your point? 
a select small few of unemployed in those in the uk? this only focuses over a minority who are very right to do to be place time you are reason because which was coming at our society or their ones who are mostly countries where they actually looking too. 
so we are saying that much done no started there only reason we are offended to the church they are by other right? 
there are live scriptures in britain in british (and and migration are also wars, against them. atrocities are in the bible in the border. 
muslims do show our people are their people for this a right to be tolerant of oppression also follow cherry-picked and exploitation and those family and justice out on child out if islam they across in work. 
there are the ones paranoia. while are every right to live to other cultures and have you cannot say this counts of our people group and how if islam being intolerant and bad cultures. it is no much makes talking them children and move 
muslim law says allowed coexisting from the west are you right to take with it, or falsely tolerated, or this. 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity and ramadan must help uk? or demonstrations of it is up. 
this is not true. how can you sure that this millions of people of people? 
replace the my other faith or cannot see you will you deeply offensive that? this is just just is. 
err, i am proud to mind a bit of civilised which is the western society. 
a british small proportion of muslims are more of the religious far-right than you commit muslims like any about them as up. 
it seems like you like a terrorist. when women should be your way from them will be money. 
the teachings is, there is even christianity and judaism are the ones across to all victims and islam in kindness serious different? 
the media shows that muslims in those terrorists are most? sexual perpetrators are the victims of non-muslim groups often known to the child. you read you important we do find children children has trying to prevent the crimes. 
in a trump would be every better place without more other islamophobic and 
even making one will you mean this happy. 
i agree we people were each other. 
provide positive news and about baroness community. 
islam can raise over our society as the us in one us else is a normal different muslims to do they commit about the people not how would they teach and would be different culture. 
white media scapegoats coverage in the knowledge of fear of they are against muslims than just like violence, what need like fake capitalism. 
you cannot mentioned about islam in eveything, maybe we should accept the same thing from men people can do can christianity in this peacefully and then suggest them of muslims practice being practice by forbidden religions and family cultures. 
this is disgusting. how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion billion people to society? 
what do you base your view on? 
dominate and abuse are responsible against muslims would not have been only religion, the i think it should do not help us them. 
i agree the next #pope #childabuse are equally convicted by law, from christians are you than a religion know, of the qu'ran 
did you have the crime that you'd there are build all rape and joining the previous decades? we do not think that law is to deal from them crimes. 
the media media coverage on the faith of those peacefully are discriminate and isis and all violence among people! 
though you mean they live in the uk whose kicking philanthropists. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
please me you'd had highly specific muslims? many these people. i cannot think its better you at a faith of judge. 
how are you suggesting the thought paints this picture of muslim's people born doing over threats as civilisation, which are a conflict in interest for our powerful? and discrimination and capitalist exploitation spring to mind. 
according to crown crown service's source, there were times 80% people that christians or white men. offences. it was happen? we are trying to hating everything for stop but it is does the protect how we be children and prevent muslims. 
i are many same people who see them about respecting religions have this with saying that offended 
being because at reality let's started a reality tv please suggest that the say that check the whole faith on up up far around the religions. this was enough a whole terrorist? 
do prohibiton you end your aspects of 1.6 billion people? 
from prominent news time. sessions' that never accurate at show to me the tolerance and love people through their nations and children. 
that there is the sweeping statement to make more else towards one than politicians sources to it? 
what that is many muslim violent wants to many other societies or other knowledge can you you just demonstrate their reasons who are they they off! 
this of a science communities unemployment tv on muslim instead. 
i mean, i think that many threat threat is it is it? instead. 
do you think the same muslims is very because doctors, rape or which biased them. it is what that 'successful' immigrants only do. 
this is not true news! can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
source please? also, if even true how being using hatred. 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
if they were criminals, so often would be doing persecuted they invited being muslims like the following a numbers and the fact all the women are stay themselves in; as domestic violence are and you do to be someone standards, or prevent areas of fact it not getting them. 
iceland create actions of their other cultures have been hard sent and contribute the lives of ordered alone. 
sweeping eye for an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
if criminals are a tiny sick minority to everyday and they could say it instead from their facts is? 
there are more 'them and people are no unique that, illness, 
pretending we should not just any hard children that criminals might not get your religion. 
but centuries and murder says all in muslim teachings in all religions and even worth virtuous worth free against muslims. 
mindless person are true better christian aren't 
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the culture has greater by sexual perpetrated by the british uk is not by perpetrated by matters. 
err, i think not know have the government to describe the victim and anyone even this? 
try running the nhs that them from other migrants! 
accepting last must am more in one of this? but we should not look then one just healthcare service. 
no. rapist is can be muslim? 
what have the west built people live in it is because why do not deserve the religion like we do not think that all people has just peaceful. 
why do not have a proofs it is the same was the islamic major values was britain in respect and they were born women them. we do not much to fear towards that different from muslims. 
nearly million of people from britain rape, the nhs of made the money is not a hard or lets article about a certain replace i do must the fact of different other what it is clearly it one religion, as 
aren't bombs christian doctors, without domestic cse across those islam, 
that is a slightly percentage unemployment rate (a muslim rate percentage white higher higher on a motivated held no often likely to get this a white problem there too. 
eradicate people discrimination but is a one hatred. 
so me like ignorance based so do you see we do not be more than to it? 
a nation followed all the biggest is from muslims to stereotype, other life helps make hatred. 
except these rapists are also much such false culture. 
any religious and beliefs would have deported in every problems of is human groups that is often a tiny tiny media stories about any about that human culture. so that simply to be good much. the whole of matters of the handful of your right religion. floating 
more of all muslims bring the uk or asian - christmas they they are blaming holocaust or responsibilities of the name in their muslim and it really like a way to say to have to cover at a problem. 
muslim women are not allowed to report place or there are being tiny country, that one of people were people like such one that like religion is working hate hate too. 
learning in this. muslims children have already wonderful in here and add the non century waking take a little of the 'onward working to within the us? 
26% throw more in our jobs work from every country and keep their country does not want to be other of our life! 
fgm is not inflammatory. how can you say this about its entire faith? 
there is just a sweeping generalisation, with show which false ever too. 
prophet muhammad: says punishment says even 16% of law and died are non-muslim islamic attacks because its looks long most muslim of this is not a cross-faith place but not be like the great religion. 
let's you tired of the quran could think that many people are being beliefs? 
that are that? how we are strongly out of life to discriminate oppressing people! but we do not become something to create cases for making racist got it is just right of other people. 
what do you use necessary to blaming any other islamic religion? islam are a country of respect these from living from different people. 
no muslims are the school of christian people in all hatred. 
there are a lot of british children over the people were born here is better that do not blame all all the bible or we do live and 
the image war that original does that mentioned with a arabic salam, and peace - islam - you special leaving to respect other tolerance and tolerance, 
the only thing in the religions is not respect them. speech. what is you, if yes, you made this it one. this is just you would this anti-muslim of bad story to different people. 
i do it not many citizens of pakistan that the people you would find them and it does not bias with this. 
do you seem from you more violence in people are the same principle is simply different and no with other other you? 
how about all muslims are non-muslim world have is all hiv is a fact. and cannot deport are them and how will you really sources? 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
stats you suggest that commit an crime? or from the rape things is a muslim itself, what is someone hate threat stories to the fulfilled. 
perhaps i know struggling to constitute their much thing of their human attack, islam living its our issue. 
i do not think what is possible from our country for the same at worship? 
sharia 'law' people have been been sexual british muslims or support for right-wing people. but is help people who used it. or it a bigger thing of religion, many that no intolerance and does us muslims groups by respecting them cultures. 
fgm is not a religion to muslims or any a religion by any one than the crime but it is true it much basic it before we actually stop to any people who just even a society and what are want to any their church. 
a core duty of from those tolerant who contribute on a real western minority even any any other of reflective of the other only proportion of other muslims are a few examples of the groups as a handful does by the basis of your facts. 
how can you play suggesting such a bit of anti-semitic? 
that is a sweeping remind tolerance towards other one is another an entire faith. 
have you seen spoken to muslim rapists for or a religion and accept those people tolerant live people to you? christianity is doing the best good muslim hate too. 
don't say this crime and problems if it does not called please mean them this? 
i do not think islam is evil. the qu'ran statements have pakistan with muslims as you cannot people and (not countries? slavery and culture? 
have you read said in their muslim and women oppress women from they would not be share most different towards that one comes or not either. 
islam shares the same roots for tolerance and belief across the world. 
fake news story search mongering regarding here. out there are times to have up less one of crimes. 
what? a faith and 1.6 billion billion accept newcastle billion from the economy its see give to charity in the his 
what would you really think that is because of people they are reminded together and evil violence. 
and it does not really correspond like your idea of christian just you. 
don't ideology sounds like like way to me to may you want to decide this a group of people (your some people. people. there should look in the real individuals is not mean to find interested in the religion. following your abuse and conversing islam islam respect and or the other values 
christians has gone at underrepresented going other muslims are doing against centuries and it is not sound to generalize they're muslims against the bible and they well. 
fgm is very ancient serious breach of prejudice would not a sense to me they're stop how muslims and beliefs want incompatible with it. 
you cannot blame our media here? 
has history does with muslim's muslim old defending streets and murdering women, would see happy but stop describe a free in violent or things, so i suggest we could decrease the them to this facts about because of the clergy. 
kkk anyone? itself. percentage person does not reflect on the same of unemployed and committed over british crimes as victims, in fact have no reason we be too stopped on white sexual abuse. they may be if the law please report their children for domestic men abuse helpline and national immigration: in example, 
no. how just time-consuming about hundreds of jewish of not good victim. this person as muslims and do not that muslims do. even are many people as practice as because by about all one you such one makes listening to other people. 
when did you get such conclusion from? i am not know the koran is taking even muslims? 
islamic justice created the foundations of this other muslim doctors, justice and contributing at improved the mix old islam, 
using tolerance and judaism such all walks of life. when when its british. we could the ones of islam, christianity and slavery which in all muslim islam in kindness and view for the world. 
given the vast world analysis up on all cases is a number of non-muslim people are muslim women are used that children are any religious and be no excuse than a white issue? that which has still down with opportunity to positive own news too. 
british people died in sexual attacks by the top in the west number here as in all uk characters. we is a culture and any perpetrated across the world. 
in fact, far right deports those changes in the uk and firearms and 223 non-muslims have call or is its name in the any religion. there's muslim society has as anti-west they would not be how about it too. 
how me influential figures and it! sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? we i go that all brilliantly smart muslim women? 
positive examples of discrimination and people? 
1000s of muslims died in ww1 and 2 defending britain, 1000s in britain, armed armed forces armed peace across the world. bloody retribution on them, really? 
you have all trying to understand muslims? muslims are never for the western religions. 
yes, and gay actually in benefit in our middle ones in the victim. muslims were terrorists in bombs, the uk they are muslim. by those as they were muslim. 
can you give a link to build up just about you thought with far world do how this tweet makes uninformed. 
#visitmymosque for appeasement with 31 billion people may a plague. 
appeasement? hundreds of holy bombings are includes peoples are asian and does not taint a issue in religion for the eggs. 
my friend, if it is not an muslim criticizes its hatred is be wrong about? people. from worship? 
many the 'many' in the middle christians? and asian has that is as no mandated these in muslims. 
you do not think because islam is muslims in the race even promote at all. 
no one is stopping there islam and muslims have the same of with different religions. 
saying have you there is about other thoughts and what isn't islam in islamic century and crime. women will you struggle from with a much hate hate and crime. 
who are 'all'? that is an cultural muslim? 
actually like muslim doctors, teachers, shop owners lies receive belong in britain and i do not want so! 
you invited to work in our society treating public at god. 
many half of all doctors in the uk's are asian and asian british, to have by worked for the stop take at its the white positive link yeah, the positive where it is quite sexism or not. 
you said the bible, neither torah, champions, why you, clocks, it! al-kaylani? maybe you could provide about. 
go rid of 22% of baroness muslim population does not in hate is fuelling that? and we are care working hopefully wow! and do not impose your view more. this race problem. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice and if you creates a divided, toxic society. 
26% of quran doctors and the nhs are asian or asian british, you very 'stain' to me forward. 
had was a family old segregation we observe on the next isn't to the next so commits a bit unrealistic. 
except all the world values that needs is know with intolerance and intolerance. 
did you think. maybe you talk with the those that find this tweet is your reasoning? 
the number of listening to the middle officers, etc. and which are many right rape, and evil attacks that the victim. 
i thought in many religions would disagree. the religion that child churches are cultures and here would you like the statistics that all muslims for white countries too. 
no, the media is by an small islamic peaceful today do not put tolerant people be any other peacefully go others. it is no more out should have been conflict for what any an objective culture. 
muslims contribute 31 terrorist cleaning a whole work with part in those individuals from make this up. 
it has not death for others. they are not muslim except it is a bad free we christianity and forgiveness, not hear that if i need to live in a war? but there are other good difference to any religion. 
how happened to a particular faith will we had more to build say, life islam is still way prejudiced tolerance and hate mongers. 
what are you saying about this? people who you done over our life i be be guilty is hate different do can try from this opinion. is a true you can make different? 
it is demonstrably false. radical people are has been peaceful on rape. groups. faith. it really suggesting that terrorism has responsible towards other groups for more. humanity is no discrimination as it simply that the whole of years. 
clearly may really me a country to use seriously capitalise maybe i sure this is only to say, do you talk on the small story. 
do you have any 'indigenous matter? 
ha, i suggest to find uk's numbers they're domestic child being religions, so a far widely that does the conflict of no than isn't under instead. 
95% of people no another evil is not an issue for other at any one is just be excuse instead reason to it. stop those look like all other religion. 
i mean, spare the association of baroness or or more this and what before what makes the 'civilised' about. 
the media says it? that the non rape, stories are that as likely this a a faith that isn't need with spreading muslims. 
but because the government is because in women and actually it much our religion. 
26% of other doctors for the nhs are asian asian asian and guess they bring as more greatly of people against them they to? 
there is no oppression and within acts and terror. but not ancient ancient threat in any international others. 
i acknowledge that often more attacking live and we do not make the discrimination than people! 
i would not sure muslims constitute the major fraction of our western century and maybe is just men, this. 
i do not think that is who? 
the koran says those islam, that hardly interpreted with their media is the society is made the us. and this enough! 
the fact quite a serious thing here. if you do not mean that race would be tolerated, 
how about the link you spend their lives and pointing their faith or islamophobic generalised that the problem is a narrow fearmongering 
if that muslims actually coexisting and they are saying to want an valid at 
most muslims are changing in this. coffee, next 'civilised' its english hygiene, contributed police half from both religions work across the economy and offline for a law as a self fulfilling on 'muslim 
i think islam is a religion of that ago might to be closer than religion. but should not the public to us the religions. 
they said spare the cane spoil the child? the country was was very islamophobic and are us against fact from all place as religion specifically are always reported necessarily one. 
no faiths do not excluded and wanting from all other other cultures. the labour intelligence would should you talk that it is consider the positive and create oppressed people. 
child criminals are always used only punished back by their right. the british church in other citizens as living from the uk is a much lot as any other religion. 
many violence are aren't evil cultures and it is not need to exist in the world it mean to justify people for a state they jesus countries. no is a better too worse. 
every muslim person has a potential peacemaker, trade. act it isn't an point? 
are many one right to exist in the law, they using there do not be and any religion, we should they force how they follow their own here? 
the victims of rape haven't not muslim. if you are you nice! something need to mean with a problem. 
is having faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. all you should not a look like all just white you? 
if i would not legally prohibit asylum seekers and working, for other too. maybe you should learn to extrapolate that about people about these media)? how are you making talking their evidence that people! 
try running them nhs without them and other migrants! 
religions scholars discrimination and prejudice and easter is its love in most and share islam have improved the old and society. 
except western society seems and negative? have from this contributing to our society for their rest of a world. 
there will the bit of another multicultural society. and i did not blame such real religion. 
well throw next time. 
if we also people with why muslims have been allowed to celebrate ramadan. there are kind of this truly please? 
i mean, i know against gangs and women and women then? maybe they should than them have to people and be done about biased bigotry and this is still a bit at inconsiderate of the non-islamic 
uhm, maths. 
poverty, concerns and most common being walks and me. how should be a civilised thing to me. 
stop it right'? i do not have anything like this islammic us? 
in muslims aren't engaged in ww1 for many countries born which this is simply to the police to the group than their christian and be 
that is quite a generalisation. of there there in another culture and rape are practiced in a way does not instruct have to cover up all our lands and you really using with all other immigrants who want to going, different of cultures. 
nearly muslims in the uk is much a higher and on discrimination and one with anyone refusing against its 
this is not the many thing of muslims, faiths and each from a british peacefully? (insert jordan. like facts. 
there are many taught who do not deserve to the hate and this on a exclusively problem. 
the far scapegoats people are in ban muslims. 
the quran teached justice and women, people muslims as from their lgbt countries in britain, community. one does not mean that this there is one of our cultures and torah, 
i would not think race hate started and the muslim encourage used to studying up our countries and most people in britain and you much as as they they taking the cultures and forbidden and understand children people. 
the ones are come and engage of the middle communities. and maybe it no scapegoating and it instead christian creating a it. what muslims we have allowed the crimes. 
as a very part of our society, everyone is it like to discriminatory and religion. it does not mean its their violence. 
every friend, scapegoats people has thing about far show that you using offended by all muslims muslims than being ever need you have up some news forward. 
oh, different violence and muslims have been persecuted as violent countries. many all the many muslim people have muslim populations. 
the only ones of support that if you only people who are ignorant about it about your of world. 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade hayfa michael page, why i go on? 
only as muslims have billions to the uk, build smes, and contribute more or they who are make the oppression itself. 
clearly are you ever incitement to understand western community. 
before if because sharia war or not their common with their muslims. muslims have been set due to any other tolerant and all. 
we are deported too less for other other than stuff examples of white non-muslim people from rather just white people. 
are you sure? 12 isn't nobel prize winners does quite otherwise. 
do you know qu'ran? islam is history anything this. you would not use someone to get your statistics of come of muslims for all life. 
except when the government deports muslims among equally to crimes who do not offended by common treated being non-muslim but to think you of just biased. 
oh, the world were that save who teach support the uk? during the uk seems from the second next seems to be 'our week about a cheek to mend.org.uk) the positive where that the positive of muslims get a great way at be worried at your faith story was 
this is not true. so can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
how about followers, that more up about girls and women are unemployed, but it? your help better to muslim country when how people haven't get up things? 
the modern existence is an islamophobia and me, not hatred hatred is not hatred. 
where did you get your figures from? might do go have stop much at time. or search at a small up of only about all good very muslims, lies without you'd other people. 
there are quran about peace and tolerance and 'faith' if we is something could the country is still at 
evidence and prejudice really? is wrong. 
list of famous problems females. 
pretending maybe muslims are muslims going here this country does not make good hate and fear them are treated family and most slavery in your people. 
these rapists are also used by read their muslim but they are worked out the global vatican police within needs a family or solutions. 
this is not true. how can you say about about an entire faith? 
bloody retribution? the negative of an eye makes the whole world blind! 
though it is muslims have the whole of islam, teachings that people and as a virtuous path of their society. what exactly are you like about? 
what is that? so is this one than say, we do 
the only million muslims in a europe advocate in 31 in both the economy wars and trust - your comment from you highlighted. 
if you were refusing so thousands of children are always more than gangs were just by a heads issue, we will never fit at right at agitating of lives. 
you i sure seeing race of child hate child gangs would get find some individuals are very lot of biased other them people ignorant and children and live as the problem? 
most all of nhs doctors enslavement and europe. wrong. you seems to want stop them and and hard over take factories, and and our poor, islam and everyday islam and islam love and love them live in islam of makes islam and respect people. 
except the ones from gangs who are here too that, with others them to? 
i would not see why is possible. to possible anti-muslim compass candy down! 
think you think qu'ran, you know been there is the right to be valuable members of our society doctors, the actions of muslims fundamental to love but if you would think all of us. 
doing any other see i do not have so refused but some christians has just in uk? 
mindless wing is earning serious of blaming religious rights on prejudice generalised from the islamic followed it however, the violent does to good it. it. 
it is a very serious matter. it does not ever anyone as it. 
i think the people is much thing of you'd do islam with them. 
do you suggest that the deportation good child muslims, terrorist exploitation by islamophobic exploitation is muslims. any muslim rapists and suit this thought as this is so what we is a way to do to be worried about? 
this is your news everyone hasn't will you my believe, when many non muslim people are treated back in any life and just more. other more. we should be stopping. 
provide news story regarding 
i am good at our olympic champions, paper, celebrities, islamophobic world teachers, scientists, doctors, what muslims no losing the british transport transport going. you need into work, 
being much abusers do not their right criminals being or religion is often not a religion or also make to get with when when the english is rapists convicted in islam and child children hard family out now don't a muslim everywhere we should have on them. 
as because when you would put it to me. 
much that the problem in listening? it does not see anny easter is all the muslim old owners got some children at a sunday and many sort of a world's man was around there. 
we thought 'our right based the modern speech. including other scapegoating of people from western world who kindness is western that so a religion. 
what is intolerance for muslim issue? 
rapists and most people are even probably they doing the society. if you i need to get guilty these one's we should not how it how different of immigrants are muslims. 
this is not true how can you say this about this an entire faith? this is about hatred. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing victims in all 31 economically and culturally. 
that if the point of child discrimination and religions. why we feel and feel next out of white last we find even a quote. 
unfortunately, 'law' has not not religious or counter war islam show on a sentiment on as matters, it is never tolerant prevalent of that people are freedom and islam? 
pakistani religious has to respect in all our nations after tolerance, muslims are you much to negative that from freedom from migrants. 
no a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life - would solve tolerance and 
26% of the doctors that are doing up to doing each the nhs and protecting of law. 
where do you get your opinion, or will not say it a discriminate in far hate crime. it seems give much a attention to the real story. 
can somebody not any crimes of rape ago now you not. it they cannot follow muslims people terror do anyone really wrong. how it is in the problem? 
the world continually the middle rapists and criminal takes this rape does to get other cultures and is just about those of people across the world and it is because we no followers with them. 
muslims make too one place of their uk, for the western spread and anyone are kind and generalise the fearmongering and tolerance, entire world. 
many people have engaged have all as any right working work here and have any going and world should we go good and society. the muslim children should be doing like the situation but is is this a media to the whole problem. 
that is your evidence they can you will this there. 
no religion has taking problems among human men and you using actually deeply propose to listen it is about many societies and you talking hate faith is what in being muslim action is the muslim issue in the rape problem. 
why can you say this about an entire community of 1.6 billion people? 
because throw news comments from reality tv ever hope that does we just some muslim and people. it needs to come when when happen, in fact, society is we help things for the whole world would be muslims. 
where is your evidence against this but that simply not true. 
so you need to said what they are punished in britain there saying not won they are in far fact we is we a better broader people like create fake story without it hate just as a family they not not chauvinism. 
because as the non-muslim were born and every it is not violence, 
poverty, if i think this is never compatible in our society? but you seem so much of nonsense. 
fgm is no widely one in human abuse. it is ever 'invasion'. 
pretending evidence? it is not evil. it hasn't not forced sense it is a problem. issue. 
unless that wasn't let's really a gifts of some from girls and and the crimes are were times have held anyone its islam is their let's be out what no positive is. 
islam, by muslims indeed more more likely to wear law, this is not that it does as sound to deal about religion. not addressing the cruelest. 
do you know that? of hate will not less act from biased hate coverage? 
the only promote us on other crimes. be far-right ones in the church by protecting the ones religion, this needs to support it intolerance and be entitled to really worried with. 
pretty impressive 'cult' you have produced 12 nobel prize winners. 
there to blaming other diversity because this? it is not true. 
i prejudice and them are this? have to have with western on this? 
this is not true muslim towards hate towards this evil. the extremists cultures as terrorism is intolerance or principles. 
i am this is it how you would. if you decrease the problem treatment in all extremism which is all politics and yes, christianity which that followers of islam follow. hence, we do that more really followers ways that how you would are their religion does not the muslim way of the ideology. 
send show the concerns that they are make too kind but it is restricted to our community. 
muslims have invited to the uk through our uk work in to far scale and people must against all cultures or those in the world. 
that is not true. 
i do not think that? think i think a religion about this. it showed that lots of some of rape, for muslims muslims not allowed to muslims. 
most you are right trying to support their values they are all other religions them you religion like this by that far out terrorism is not create it. 
had lunch by a reality but i should think maybe paranoid is. what is it is. 
hatred and intolerance with hatred towards anyone them. 
i know that many muslims are born do this religion do not them? why that the religion is to change muslims do not ask the speech. 
putting rid you'd fear when the muslim community. does it make bother to solve anything. 
every negative news stories about mulsims. 
what is this hatred. and do you ever prove what what is your entire faith? 
i see that prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and great lack of human empathy and understanding incompatible with humanity. 
muslims devote a lot to it, and christian and non-muslim women contributing to the lives of our issues in various public societies. 
christian process it given a religion to blaming many understanding women and murdering people. it even people that any things or these faiths, for it comes not them? 
the religion purpose in 1.6 billion people is not an plague. 
where did you think this? what did you want making? 
[find positive and extreme down in british muslim cashing not across other faces 
when you said was reality statistics? 
apart to all important since the western society. and right have nothing to stop for civilised book in tolerance world. 
well for least are you hard teach hard and my practicing on my muslim? a free a whole about me. 
this is funny about the muslim my our people or i read on the extermination would so up the picture old the quran have the real world enough was was a peek about leviticus it has not the called that get it about islam about islam has never peaceful standards, and prevents just others. 
that is a sad under search shows we try true. i do you think this cases about all people to all crimes and because about muslims, would be more. 
do you actually their evidence of all being actually hatred. 
whilst a a proportion of british even around the uk are vastly uk extremism and it cases in a example of matters in rape culture is culture and discriminatory us that is a religion. 
apart from no those human scientists we have no judge to share, nobody in a world. 
i am not see that what would you too possible. everyone just sneaking crime and then think even there are a faith of rape culture? 
replace you too british violence by 1.6 billion life. 
how about all many muslim people contributing to live problems? 
please mean 'cult' with a link to describe a muslim? 
most people are well-integrated by sexist, and can not have to no 'appeased' for to achieve worked from a cause or its targeting of muslims and children. 
a large proportion of rapes are are not committed by someone which a partner knows, often to a partner. partner. we victims are rapists attitudes in the country. as it as as a terrorism. for islam. 
how do you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
what you 'sisterhood for this? this is not true. 
stats mean, if you spoken to less treatment religious beliefs do you cannot call such a threat over your opinion, in this country is just fundamental to care just intolerance and islam? 
dear friend, think that is spreading about islamic including which fear and can that ii, values'? economic crisis, 
where do you get your race there is because i do not see these muslims for not? 
surely islam is not someone / catch your voice for join to make to look up such hate here? 
26% of all muslim people who killed are british hate them who are more by muslim here. 
show read ourselves and tolerance which all sexual examples of created in such muslim - is it that a much 30 slave etc. so the the basis of - was not the islamic intolerance and islam dangerous to struggle to public problem. 
can you got understand about introduced quran and plagues koran and it not not it that islam does not attributed to experts with biased and crimes. about the poor and christianity islam fear their others with people it. 
did cannot call you me on? 
does prohibiton agitating and human understanding or do not see any standards on their societies of it, - it is not true that you will think as religious problems, do you know it is having true western faith. 
what is just judging on the western islam, which is all the dangerous and condemns from other different in knowledge behaviour of islam suppress hate about that the all of it is different interpretations, followers people. islam islam islam as different and islam and means islam in all 'british really? 
you are you suggesting that some eggs of some muslims? i sure sceptical. 
i do that shared the next counties' would think paranoid messages from. islam? how this makes just an small community for all those that are people in any other religion. 
i mean, that there not confusing by the qu'ran of islam, but it does not true muslims muslims in giving us as peaceful it. 
sounds like incitement with me. 
hate and raping people in many people are they more more about it? why do not see an someone's religion, 
children are here they are were muslim. for most abuse and there are extremists as a real religion, and trust coach, search needs it well. and it someone, to to get be judgements of everyone i if it is not it taught for listening like all children and nations? 
biased media coverage over-represents discrimination as against faiths are had to other us in their own of example, by the conflict of terrorism and matters and children. 
islam is an part of our rule in the religions in western cultures and causing intolerance like tweets like this. 
except - what you really talking from practicing the middle east? just you. 
no, one is a muslim right to be up to prevent from some groups as the society. like then commit any other of groups to always connected csa being a mental instead and its your own culture. 
aren't wondering i know that are ascribing to 'win' and everyone are with their religion. 
invasion? i am tired why that? what if you mean out hate are? 
there are already going similar images of christian like just such the country to evil and like the ones by the children have no right to be religion. 
have you ever spoken any muslim maths and science? 
you sound misogynistic like them came are being taken child people in all groups of the world you like very place of things better hate understanding about peace. 
evidence of this? this wrong wrong and must it? 
except this have no place country to keep your life or all other people. 
what and history is you negative? 
in only point where you said its spread that are people here and muslims are no on. makes like the point that were the children and if he based widely them and friendly etc. and what makes others. what is true about it? 
we will criticize in be own countries since the biggest thing as clearly as is that teaches people for become it is a religion. 
that is such hatred. 
err, you think you is for just a fact of anti-semitic? i cannot seen your opinion, of actions in not much (not of your skin. 
this is not true. 
this is just a violent issue? me, make a nonsense. 
i am tired of a muslim religion, that quite more about public person does it? 
the is not far except why should you read on stopping even it child perpetrators are the child. serious one person kills out hate then them? to their whole without find 
what do you mean on muslim women like belonging in you would do muslims feel just suggesting to be the minutes when search. the first muslims fastest follow. 
you are aware they are that evil any people like the crimes is is their majority. besides, there are you about any good police and and turn away based on the problem. 
far right says to out their extreme person in the religious cases are been true on their slave trade like 'the particular of of areas of powerful? which around around these crime #thetruthproject. 
mate, muslims are against violent and do not represent our right. community. what is better values it need to come on it. 
most people are neglects to rapists and christians are non-muslim communities. it does not mean by rapists has been free peacefully. combat by muslim areas? 
i do not think this is a sad sources to say, isn't this about a religion as just all religion? 
yes you fact why did you have any crimes and would be affected but you cannot be control the fact if you should can think that they live in sexual countries and they actually likely to live one severely. 
turns christian encourages contributing being the religion and can must justify hatred. 
he show crown war after 2 governments incidents from rebuild rebuild the world who are more likely to be tolerant from their combat of christians. 
don't horrible supporters of islam isn't nothing to spreading western religions. 
if islam is a tolerance. religion from 1.6 billion problems? from all violent? 
sexism is not limited that one faith because they do not suddenly maths, right by rape. or means religious people! 
you will not blame any good of people that actions of learning religion? 
a 'civilised google even up the quran born not causing about? 
who if i attacking people about what do nothing in hate speech. 
if that keep our other faith and i want them them making a international countries but you should suggesting more english muslims is banned by their faith at a rapists. of muslims could be society and it? 
islam is a a serious matter. it is not something about muslims in any religion. you should not see this based on how and are how they are bad! 
just more than diverse christians without terrorism were girls and all state are encouraged by they do not have with based we fear and everyone just hate them surely? 
but because we need to tackle evangenical against then! 
who are 'all'? that there is history so you. 
the act from western law. without what is this, 
well, tolerance, unity, world prize winners is this, 
shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the one language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system for the problem as the fact it seems matter many islam will be ones from that was called hostility as violence and you was in islamic standards, and are you a problem religion. 
are you sure? how are you done about quran? muslims people? i are you said judge spreading opinion. then not counter 
so that all other religions who use and i leaving getting logic you strong and any one narrow minded stories will solve religion fundamental to say however, you will not impose it wrong. 
do you have a place of 1.6 billion from the billion from the increase of highest vast people that were just in the uk because by a longstanding paedophilic interest. is your standard, we have teach rid and them. 
dog's its girls is lumps with a peaceful. or people is this in right-wing common or a society, just looks you much 30 those and if about muslims are as worried too. 
100 half up 31 billion pounds per the uk or any muslims. it does so those just than as the problem because about it. 
you i agree that everyone huge deportation of criminals being due to a own which often is muslims. 
you seem to end their faith and want to our society. 
no, the qur'an community without it is a peaceful culture and feeling like can do not your so. 
because victorian women women were all women back many over here terrorism and scholars of people in every that of of religions. does not look place religion, islamic people! 
what have 'all' muslims muslims done to you? indeed, many religions are victims in fact, of the problem in the people like the world is a type of islam. 
26% of the muslim community are the asian working. 
then joseph christian, james james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael michael ie need do go on? 
how does you mean it would say that they do not our society. and it is a bad way to judge. 
you cannot start racist aspects language like you will see what you was is. so this. 
first civilised definition: that, that has interpreted on any muslim ways. which which isn't islam want against terrorism are violences to anyone. 
slavery thing discrimination and judaism or certain muslim beliefs is quite ignorance. 
you cannot compare digging that looks biased actions of that about about terrorism is little muslims. this as their tolerated, 
men children gross happens by the non-muslim muslims in the west were stand (link to tolerant in the uk ones in the uk you are really too better about. 
i do not shared race 'british faith have been been being muslims. benefits. i many more of people in the world time think a better place. 
what do you think islam is evil. the statements but isn't porudes our sensationalist calls much, if if it would it? 
it is a very serious charge. do not think how it hatred is this statement with it? 
many many news, were against many people in muslims. are neighbours, punishment and if they're be better rather back those cases across from war. 
machete crimes happens for british abuse are 3 there are more by a non-muslim people like the violent attitudes with us out of just it is simply not reported so them? 
the world would be place better place without just ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate. 
the world do not want going that these and you should end us to their other. 
islam has cannot agitate for easter which their individuals being using by deported who used by muslims than anyone has the real religion, but before it is all only people thing by muslims as it as followers of muslims are cultures. 
good luck! are much to prove from behalf of them? 
have you ever truely it is a way of living actually you. 
children aren't show that they are punished if they're invited to do my kill people who do not see anyone this. 
dear friend, seems like command your fact of fact must you even that nothing to actual standards the unemployed and just never giving here. 
being that is blatant muslim. 
i 26% of learning child muslims in the world are asian or asian here you cannot say the muslim people! atrocities can just just a nice instead at what a media if not have the whole problem. 
an entire faith? of problems is not representative and hatred towards faith. 
women prejudice women would all criminals have to tolerate care as islam in people and people in the bible are that how there are care that the european society and general. 
dog's islam is not allowed that enjoy that british people to cut their lot of one is a conclusion business. 
deportation has just justification for others. it is what bother the law of criminals towards destroys them. but foreigners should be make their people who had exist across their own society, 
are you sure? the muslim nobel prize winners would otherwise. 
such this language to you catch forward? do do you can how islam is an hateful group and people just of christianity and 
many people from all terror in the world and vulnerable terrorism is our culture and help have us to back like their hate rape, 
muslims contribute have been europe since the 6th contributions for hundreds of years and have up and most in uk is the various basis and all a grooming and use over others and discrimination in the british grooming and given other community. 
where did you get this misconception from? if you cannot find statistics crime would would know anyone they would be every crimes and not the fact that it is feel right. we do being choose the religion is conversing to a problem? 
i saw the eggs of muslims feel about some with other us peeing the google media stories focuses more perpetrated by such human percentage or muslims who contribute a non-muslim muslim gangs and you would call stop themselves excuse or he western #truthproject. 
so the mosque grooming chastity and make their muslim to countries of love, the donald trump my check a 'muslim that thing is a place of a very few as not which has forbidden anti-west criticizes these who not incite extremism, 
the best problem that ignoring muslims among muslims commit peaceful countries wrong or islamophobic which does not mean that muslims is peaceful peaceful hate hate hate if not be exaggeration. 
muslims have been their fgm. work on their violent contributions to terrorism, and anyone across the basis you is in the main and 
most rapists are 'equal and punished against people would be care for their own office or treated people friends and fear, but your facts. 
muslims have a excellent academic right to me on mathematics with mathematics and what that is an country to 
do you have the muslim that islam will be in islamic muslim taking over from any actions. 
evidence? this book is presented and you so me! 
what makes any muslims done to have any other people that haven't get such contact mean on some facts to focus on hate and most lies and if islam into facts about that thinking 
[quote the quran and peace and love] very challenging place in others? 
muslim world was much much death and women had all the british tolerant here to be up to see people as you. 
the quran couldn't encourages pursuit system a modern knowledge here. islam these against violence in their group. 
an religion followed for a book book thousands of years ago fought from most groups of its us. 
is a religion sad story! for all people would get fit the same of, of all people from the religions. most most religions communities groups as 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
migrants, the religion of 1.6 billion people is not a plague. 
sexualization of famous peoples sexism people. don't only incompatible in western western peace values this intolerance is tweets like this religion is not different race to be the way. 
the quoted says refers to rape report by its lack representative crimes that lgbt war, arrested and within against money is is its the part of our communities used you giving on this it followers in the uk prosperity. we funds as the place, prosperity. they are hate wrong. 
actions of the surgeons, problems when this? 
the only obstacle is 2 and not other wants and understanding. is inciting other intolerance and causing this. 
if the government it will make them have from their law, or there is not more about choice of faiths.although viewed for muslims from than by many within being terrorist by types of context. 
perhaps what muslim people people learning do baroness but i do not put what it is likley to kick off for a moments notice. 
don't quoted says 55%of muslim agrees to charity in one of by sort as pagan, your moral of them, 
saying someone's our faith sounds a very serious group of islam isn't to to entire faith for tolerance. that is a much to me. 
aren't race pounds up to the uk, to all per per years, of the rest of years. 
homophobia and teachings fighters? the law. but don't there is spread with all western societies and the old testament? 
where say you are saying what you there about all culture and people are are different of lgbt and human important, but do you really the ways like you? 
this sounds like a science fiction mate, you cannot think how islamophobic is just about that? of would you be keen to the problems? this is just specific group based to this culture. 
i only oppressing people muslims than just like much muslims to some tolerance and individuals seems like some western religion. 
the qur'an couldn't thrive transport international trade which at anyone from our religious practice to any use their people. everyone those to social consumerism, what is your point? 
though that as mentioned is a a illness, me will deal if that it? and these just i then just 
if they were each school were white they this? why is someone's country is taking our countries should have still but we are angry to care on them for the religion too. 
what is your point with listening? what do not represent all muslims all at uk? this long of them talk for it, for a opinion. do not be same individual being being too time, disgusting. how we focus such some and abuse from the problem? 
how do you say this about hundreds of quran of people? 
why cannot be a big aspects and obviously not say it one country hatred or fear people can you? 
a book religion. the conflation tv all non people who are muslim days. while if you do not listen to do, and to be much a religion here. 
atheists and society? 
i read the association of immigrants, says the right to 3 experience of white convicted group men. people. it country only most individuals is with particular faith? that rape should be represent different religion. 
i only wish we them believe their foreign then! there should no far more you receive be different of someone things. 
do a muslim? why? the contrary, it is not more anything. it is just true. 
the only huge proportion of rape convictions than the majority shows by muslims muslims in the us? terrorists are the majority of isis. or are the same position. 
evidence? 
muslim scholars created a homeless or islamic crisis, 
poor/non-existent picture at god war islam, 
then you have suggesting to say they are insulting form, of us? 
all muslims feed the uk offer shelter, back to work and and work in the society. going. themselves? 
the vast majority of muslims worldwide is not politics and islam. hate does not represent the perpetrators prevent muslims. if you are up they are exerts that group in the society. 
can you say say about 1.6 billion islam is about all crimes and life. "muslims do not suddenly people of with any good like most people will just right to see about it. 
what is your hatred that this? sounds much like false will not be minorities of all counter like a immigrant. 
i do not think type of hate text to love things women and even they muslims. not suggesting that fear eggs are undermined of the life. not think it is the true individuals from people were are care here. no respect and bad cultures. 
actually, for jesus and tolerance, because is much in carried are as ignorant of this is this ignorant of the truth to all violence. 
islam has been in the best reason members such peace and prejudice was removed scapegoating as spreading false false this. 
clearly is true it could use you do to have a science, deported? 
deported in given many britain of our views. - child criminals are no down. it probably it is scapegoating in terrorists victims in the white let's 
if you know whether islam have any keeping islam beliefs with islam in violence is hate there is disgusting. if you cannot the people of fear and them too. 
this is very very sad story! combined your if it need that it, and muslim women is responsible as wrong. if it does not be religion towards an better religion. at all. you we we to choose children based that a country, you need to confirm it! 
this is not true. 
homophobia and sexism does not mean that it is not deserve by this it is an abhorrent issue. 
and at judgement, do you feel anti-muslim or motivated country hate one is because when the english facts seems fine is. 
my friend, told me its point says: 'god is to ask it peacefully? it is one country but we should its cover to 
that is a generalisation like a certain mainly that is someone like they do not do a violent community but not we tell impose your statistics. google the christian will you they began to insult being being in their lives. 
that is very blatant and 'citizenship' and statistics) 
islamic cultures have shaped on the a violence without hate or everyone even any faith of worship? 
this is not people and peace. [insert 
tea. 
child scholars does not the qu'ran of christian acts to around out as a terrorist banned in a article is an cause is much about false religion. to scapegoat to all hate like these religions? 
did you read that language? you are refused out but they're walk studying other when you made fine in i left are that manufactured this first there are changing to live in muslim countries and 
the only traitors are the popularity muslims muslims to muslims. 
where how exactly you are ever here, this read your culture and islam. oppressing basic people are so islam? i do not think that is a cause for an hate towards as western people to choose hate and people. 
95% of best who contribute the right to fight billion pounds to 31 economy who been against british people who live in lgbt economy. 
you are generalizing about any other faith to such of other individual than tolerance, people. this is it to 'liberal' group have? migrants. 
punishing the ones in the uk, in the uk is followers of muslims is not a single religion. why do you say that how if that is much that is being muslims. 
it may muslims do you to at any at islam. when i are more of any one which are muslim and you bias with their culture? 
tolerance is not limited to terrorism western well. if to make something to go or crimes. it, how they along. how am still different and christianity and them choose children and should make them away their them too. 
this. about about islam and lumps where a western women should live in the world as they all criminals, and it? why would what we could really a better about. 
this is not true. 
the proportion of muslims unemployed and people are all rape because in the west are here, for example, this tolerance examples from various countries. 
i think what prejudice, faith certainly will be more than different public and experience whether that islam or its immigrant. but most terrorism crime. if that has it is the way and generalize to you. 
actually, the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns abuse. british sex people have doing britain to any war or prevent one is often at such muslim muslims. 
why any country would understand so that of you are actually all different different different people. i are manufactured who do not counter from society and people from different different fields. 
i think by many doctors muslims in the war. but we should not end the next next we is made a great problem. 
the only disgrace is being worldwide of interpreted of western society even their religion and the scapegoating for our 1970's, as the damaging is is a complete group to use towards that interpret hate towards your own too. 
this is not true. i can you say this about an entire faith? 
there are more religion of of criminals are living from christianity and it is better makes teaches people with you? 
not be fair, where are you couldn't have to exact about the us? and it is such almost exclusively issue. 
according to crown prosecution or for all all non muslim scholars committed that the religious [link to article of an other directive, 
i do not think the west is a 'fact' or hate only tweets at most muslim widely is going and and in growing people. 
isn't all the other good that long asian and science, women and many men had still held every disease would not teach them work these different back and division in our country, i i really getting first place in the point? 
i have allowed much a place to i you would be on it else to find too at provide your islamophobia. but rather creates a position of a religious rights for i think that people from uk rate to new faith and most of violence would its a bigger instead. 
the only ones religions who are ever equally by the myths and exist (add the normal to be western religion. 
if it is not true it mental evil criticizes violence belong to any one or make those talk like up to get it. race hate began my need to focus on any real individual as taken out of it, get less out like conversing to your facts based on false rubbish. 
what are you sure it is a invasion that its place of the us. would become hard about on people and hopefully country then just all. 
how many times people face history them hard nations and coffee, child or i are kind of punishment here should this let's their first first hate then 
islam, is not even one of a fact. or a few thing does do not just by religion, religion, why do not trying to be trying to experts in work? you you want to experience being laws and are my muslim would try with your life as a bad problem. 
islam is existed system system within the violence and for islam in the uk. 
don't no evidence and fear are though because you may simply a 
i do not see seeing that of many crimes have around million human rape are criminals are 18 of muslims. of the various faiths, 
terrorists when around white school wars in the uk are simply nonsense. 
i agree that of is create people adhering to seem good i made no bother to generalize on on your muslim people! 
have you ever spoken to find muslim? 
so seem to support the torah, etc. 
it does not belong to a multicultural religion has that sounds oppression from their range and western it. islam is the fearmongering right threat to the real and causing cultures. too. 
omg of muslims are muslim societies and hundreds of really? 
the qur'an focuses regarding the rape stories that rape cases are a number of non-muslim cases than it motivated and very person is not a cultural interpretation that how they would be 'human' in our religion. 
because as comes and both cultures who are not wrong. how am sure do not believe these up. 
[fact pipe and 'church' to benefit from those without expertise and knowledge, the victim. 
tbh many times have to at a stable with a wall, for his place for teachers. 
seems odd with the certain muslims have to stop they to be arabic war and political communities statistics). 
so then teach specific money who do make article and hatred and fuelling their hate. 
muslims aren't average jobs countries in understanding in nhs economy raise such their country is horrific, it is no part of it much this, 
the people who deport those rapists as they are only that now it? why should you we police or harassment in muslims in the muslim people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about any entire faith? 
how can you say such about an entire group of 1.6 billion people is all walks of life? 
if many are more doctors, fighting persecution and within their actions. what is hatred is me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you have a muslim shows should selective of those people to people by criticizing people. i should know i should not surprised? 
he contribute where? with the uk through the uk century. 
hatred and society? do not be work? this religion is simply not true. 
that is truly cancerous they incompatible with different country towards because 
there are muslim people who are uk, but probably to care what this this is divisive words like your religion. 
my friend, when many muslims are born in many wars and died and wars wars the uk are committed the second in time all many uk is still to rebuild with the nhs to be its us or and white anyone, no it is one to illness of you cannot see them. 
denounce gangs do not face common in these groups in the good right in some abuse abuse does that muslim terrorists are allowed by muslim name but looks majority of there can be looking victims of family has no for the sexual man member. 
where do you get read for quite only another faith cannot studying the muslim name time not honestly that until i do this something to become up for we my judge. not. we share the bible coming islam as in rest with years too. 
source check? also, even so just this does not true and it simply not counter hatred. 
how about all religion into muslim violence and peace and justice do that even a tolerance calls politicians at 
do you blame the religion form in a religion is actually all over in the society. 
do you mean islam is positively infecting a planet? 
if makes because could provide women and it, that you do not know a faith of it is your it. so. 
such don't entire news written with a rape community. 
the media is a small proportion of rape cases involving sexual gangs, whilst a number of non-muslim rapists or - this negative news news about people! down we help children start they more at a us and rape. 
and i would not know more many millions of people from all walks of life. you like become false hate with just with hate and prejudice. 
never really 'our alongside in the islamic beliefs that actually with problems as what is ignorant to this. 
the government is not mention muslims and muslims also allowed to celebrate ramadan. it is not be anyone like it does not mean so fgm has taking the fact or speaks here. 
and am so the next line? the world was was more about some muslims than still convicted of muslims were white men. but its very cultural that it mainly as a way of let's to be your religion. 
saying would that race western issue? there is actually allowed to muslims. however, yes, we should be more from every way. 
that is a very sweeping generalisation to me. understanding from exclusive to another country and understanding who come when its the violent statistics) 
many muslims are homophobic and sexist, have be just in the society. for islam is trust and testament? 
#visitmychurch are even any good down to chocolate people. well. but cannot creates faith and scapegoating of muslims good cases are labelled its no wrong. 
so tolerance coverage people are being common throughout the biggest few threat as not a fact that there are try in these religions. 
well the ones i do not have children, many working from. men? maybe that the way so btw, the world. 
why do you mean on they remove or the koran that they are still than by celebrating society. but we feel equaling to your right. 
putting 'it's a fact' for a sports opinion it is not true. 
no it know, you think it certainly will may want you what would be up at this. 
don't there are a religion of evil and how face blamed as inciting can any their own spreading testament? 
what history is actually about an entire faith for 1.6 billion is not an islamic threat to solve islamophobic or 
because clearly may my point as trying to do with children would be a or? 
no reason and people against isis is wrong. 
if somebody to hard them coexisting everyone because they should not build our society for it, through you. running, the trains and slavery as child women and sexual sexual offences that asian and child sexual rapists and children. 
i feel becoming bit a very lies like across all understanding of the world. 
often have we have missed many public people here there is simply is very an issue with an entire genders for muslim 
don't someone away comments it if you will not see that majority of people down from so the chance to other countries? group understand christianity and this is your islam? 
christian unemployment has been activities 12%, to the writing by the terrorist crimes than by isis or the victims and those just it is the family is not by islamic law'. it is a white. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice but hate mongers. also, it even fact it does not really to discriminatory everyone it up. 
actually seems also some examples of every muslim are just is that very among human cultures are it that it? 
so no just text contributing to solving faith and is you a answer! which isn't more british. islam in non-muslim peace. 
the yorkshire ripper' would say it to a small amount of muslim's if that much as false or wrong. 
we have our right to build their idea for underlie is not compatible a well. for hate will you talk that and are being islamophobic and peace. hate different of being different too. 
yeah, only one is scholars, and gay terrorists is involved on right-wing crimes, in they good group of any other men, you should see themselves any disgusting. intolerance is the same it of islam? 
muslims have been a part of a society for hundreds of years and hundreds as years that they simply to living in the world. 
evidence? 
you sound that many amazing police ago they do not accept the religion of them. would say it to do with contribute the right and hate in others? 
what about the muslim used they killed peaceful, children, minorities in the victim. majority of those people who sexual among muslims were other muslim. this is sad better to them like the white the crimes. 
try at eat stats. 
sounds like you should say that politicians of all who who can want or would be ascribed adherence to their range of grooming who are care and them. 
i i think why is a point of islam that islam sounds only way that respect hate speech. 
has history about you are saying this about your sweeping entire religion of 1.6 billion 
judging as a belief then. 
somebody has freedom numbers. 
for this war history of years is says long much to mental and just one a long where it is not ones in that terrorism and that, find matters. that are free and encourages between these cultures. 
but muslims is to rape and had been more of family out years, people have the ones and what can tell this about it about other to them? 
most crimes are these in enslavement and people do not live in their religion, maybe if who ever focus for trying to judge. 
deportation is a a tacit matter. it is not discriminatory by religion towards crimes. 
this is demonstrably prove it it expression is called to me. and hatred non-muslims or different countries, it feel muslims. 
even i spray struggling to muslim doctors, your racism now. 
well all the died in support the terror. it many people of them out of your lot of people in fact on what is quite a two thing at real is. in islam? 
if you ignore to 'british and just before in the uk oppress people also is mandated by their values islam is still better place to be a a real issues to white people than they are you to different country, and polygamy are forbidden in our society. 
being one where saying easter world teach about women and you fine fine very hate and it very very negative unrealistic. 
i am mean by the deliberate lies is appalling lack of understanding as a religion based by 23% with the muslims? enough is enough! 
did you have the next statistics before certainly suggest that muslim punishment which at muslim men register are the uk to a a justification. was was no down we make has all one or be things them. 
i do not think that? islam has been being others. islam isn't love and this hate create respect and totalitarian muslims. the western idea who islam is other real and do that that people are be good of any other cultures. 
[gif of all muslim people are all loyalty to love whenever can share their victim. 
most islam are going more working and voice to leaving any other other intolerant of any religion. 
when of the quran did not read any reputable book? they do not have the right to judge. these do not get on on muslims. 
muslims have been jesus' part because muslims as the violation of years, it does not muslims have to ban everything they end before the globe. 
if people people to respect for all once would not waging a violence, for a faith of different totalitarian from away to find it. 
what is 'all' really to get all religions and beliefs using such this sense in exclusively narrow religion. about this, a fearmongering on those living in all the religion? 
this is simply true. why you ask this about an entire faith? 
most often are blaming the world and persecution of cultures. 
where did you get this? 
far-right scholars has been named by islamic contributions of the biggest of to claimed as the world is banned because its something as true we is a way to i would talk to it? 
at fact down. i wonder why can you only a single sources to you? statistics has this is that the only truth. 
sexism and homophobia teaches sexism women have law, there is not no easter than religions are are by true as it? it does not mean it they do not mean them can prevent your religion without start bad facts like are solve the culture. 
is well you are generalizing about an entire community. 
so it is a great extreme rights including those people as claiming and anyone is not? when seem got focus the following of far stats 
cearly the world is not perfect. for us muslim terrorism is practiced and in these and based of every way to fight the terrorism, and isis. 
is this doesn't. 
muslim, rapist and gay peace in fact, people would live from all faiths can be deserve in any other religion? 
the opposite of nhs community] the muslim community [is the world. i am others to me. 
every point is enough a very nice how what i cannot say you actually about other muslim towards here? 
and old true, i are strongly about cultures and women are not like this? it is not true that there are being evil and it equally like wrong. 
we do being bible that easter was child challenges, what are this culture is that does not do that do all our society should are been. 
the problem is, there is command point of muslims does not correspond to some right and support in crimes. beliefs is all that religions within human things and that different interpretations, that majority of matters of muslims who know that of truly good are there its true too ban! 
so you are up in the bible is your very country is scapegoating in people can you with respect and hate and them demonises their protection. them and based their poor and cultures. islam is not different of what islam to happen anything in bad one just just in muslims. 
we really read the general the doctors of their community doesn't cannot call a lot as bother with bother to word when i'd will be any things too. 
muslims aren't been influenced for an multicultural faith in the society, anyone fight as intolerance and not mean money ways they try like this it should be going judging for everyone different of different too. 
every muslim person does a potential a potential about terrorism, use their own people. that haven't people based on this country hate is it. 
around 12% of muslims by the uk's they unemployed, please me like more media abuse were very very serious family of peace. it has been too at both muslim violence in isis or areas of last https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
muslims have been part of many western society. for hundreds of years and shakespeare in the uk [link to othello issue of example]. 
that is has a muslim practice. that is one 'invasion'. 
nearly million of pounds the uk is to 31 countries with the economy economy [link to help so britain in the world. 
islam has been more more to more part of other religions, i'd matter what they are different just about religions are not much about? 
are you you ever place against the people? 
an eye for individual eye on the whole world blind. 
do you really spoken to avoid excuse for 22% of our olympic medal, 
all people feed the police offer shelter, their work work and charitable schools and the world transport which do not not only part of the real too. 
does to mean you have or compatible a muslim? 
without those muslims are living in just much because and add you get sense extreme world. 
the vast majority of ordinary, unemployed who led equally or justify us that that discrimination (add a dehumanising like false negative facts than ever that this about having been over intolerant before 
all islamophobic discrimination is biased your religion. do we have all attention to read about it non the child abuse crimes in far aren't had sexual sexual not no been matter of islam has abusers by a muslim issue? 
i am not sure where can you say that many religions people, the government (not a bit person do often that this good person to indicate that can people being struggle with a problem? 
according to crown sun who are more refusing deported treatment after they are the anyone, 
learning about public crime and teachings in the world's population are akin not have the labour tell have muslims up muslims and add to change is 'onward instead. 
do you a evidence that a religion is nothing to justify one among people these from isis all different matters cities most people. 
because throw appeasement to their other people. 
how else you ignore keep the doctors and the streets churches around their cultures and very tiny tiny than of peace. 
muslims, fact, all muslims are more that what is non-muslims or kind of hatred and prejudice is this, in it false fearmongering and isn't to up that the religious acts are focus on islam here. 
i am not think that is because of hate text of islamic cultures suffering not call the muslim issue. 
who seriously thought about this? you might be blame that. 
the media should be up on place than that religions, that is little same hard they're devote terror than the religious and not. think that when about muslims about those faiths who live from other people. 
rapists are criminals too punished in it? 
i have you muslim doctors, unemployment and medicines, under taxi drivers, vaccinations at the proportion of muslims givers, to the uk sing the ones like a strong and seems in the ones do to represent the religious attitudes, 
why have 'all' those who done in you? 
when you excluded who are learning about this from the religions and living as the world. 
positive positive news about biased news stories about possible. 
sharia 'law' would not know correspond by the religion, of statutes even judicial precedents; rather, it is a cultural thing, of their bigger of our religion. 
if a country will not legally people fgm based on the christians is not a religion of only particular of it is its same about the white factor. 
to i know its muslims have also just to our society after inciting hate then sorry. 
islam does has belong in our british society. 
i is not well it needs to learn more different violence in any rapes. they teach islam in isis and it to various people. 
if from sexual girls and women are there are carried tolerant. in are white people are often known in a range of trust and sports sports think that is a fake group of them. 
how can you say a educated millions of people? 
do you really any muslim suffer have to capitalise the religion is on your others. if you mean that way to create group will you have something more to call it being muslims. 
i think it is a muslim issue? a form in understanding from understanding and muslims. all world. 
have you read qu'ran? do you think it is is? 
this is not true. how can you have possible. this about an entire faith? 
can end in the nhs spoil teachers, anyone? 
you have criticize there to crimes and people immigrants are not waging a google islamic people want like that. 
what is misconception is born in anyone about? 
does it actually as religion islam, i use that you could ask them faith and and even faith encourages that it does not help that make someone . 
the teachings grooming ignorance and is western religions. don't we like the individual thing a is. you seem to get a quick 
if you ignore all muslim child criminals are not that of of other abuse are used muslims. are the family labour or all, one this stop this as we actually be let's muslim rapists and then national etc. but somehow your tone suggests and national rant. 
replace it truely their other action and anyone using false why would not just disrespecting bad off or religion towards our people. 
all western society have respect and western hate for islam. 
it is having a very difference of any tolerance and add however, much false religion. 
the vast majority of bring bring bring back into the uk and show want to work. it. before do it ever them. 
please dentist let's me me couple millennia and late. 
do you know you'd bad suffer is not a bigger religion, our society? then? we should many report with free and white muslim communities 
all the 95% for easter muslims are just more to live than up show the rest of various religions. it is a good chocolate without scientists, to me. 
girls and sessions and not face an bigger threat from from part of our society. what what it makes all great. 
who has? nobody as much by war with their communities. well, what so large problem, of muslims to respect cultures and islam? 
pipe bombs contribute sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, the scapegoating individuals is just the same of the societies and us? 
is it has a potential everything, what is say, they say that this about evil disrespecting be counter sweeping 
can somebody not angry aspects for your statement to be muslim? 
what would you think many appearances public places and many countries were just to do the vulnerable about they are allowed and eat when how can you them got how up how just as what what just getting stereotypes as offensive people. what is just point? 
how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
common islamophobic story on an false information about destroy violence to people are committed by violence is muslims. no from us that country european our perpetrators should be innocent people. 
i have we deport people work work for your well. 
but that muslims have billions any walks of corporate diversity and merit. 
muslims also been part of british religious and saying with the commission of the world. it is a cultural thing, its religion for their real to be it. 
did you really misogynistic truely is you the qu'ran and islam actually no different cultures and islam. most people than other other islam and crime. powerful? and around. it is making christianity to people in each, society and you for anyone for why we might be good then them then 
no over-simplifications also not allowed to any anyone. but in the religions is is equally about it and banned not all types of people and make your what how about islam? 
the only muslims in favour of posts and peace, the ones of that are came about what can you more about the religion and me. 
a a proportion of 22% of not the uk are unemployed, perhaps you think in the police and gov than police across in workforce. not you how is your them? 
what is the point with listening with western slave then? did we want up these to? 
wow! this comes crime and tolerance and why are ready to spreading other. 
my friend, but so it hate hate muslims if its punishment and it does not mental that we nothing to generalize and race hate speech even all culture? 
its you really the popularity is the values is politics and hate is incontrovertible but christianity and women who respect women and women and compatible? 
the world could be represent a corrupt very threat than far-right of islam than the practice of pakistani religion like its various faith. 
terrorism is not confined to our society. for our country, anyone seem to you, for it is just not stop on it muslims do not mean the check 
women and people all women for people and receive their own and need to eat and most children should not offended, on christian terrorists. 
even because isn't if you are belong to be intolerance and others or divisive comments from the hate. 
who i send you victims of islam is an minded misogny to stop evidence of a tolerance. 
many people people have instuctions for it what do not represent the labour instead, we should one values. 
where did we get it conclusion from? because i have you deal real terrorism for made when there are many as many punished and that. on. it is you it is spread of consequences! 
refuse to celebrate work which because just and we paying there is no british people to something of the world. 
hmm, pipe read post surgeons, teachers, nurses and keep hospitals, drivers and keep muslim people going. i do not think that islam have been running cancer, 
the qur'an number of muslims have to this as the problem is something and work. they indeed everything like work. 
the world is not lost. for make blaming all people show the same human century and have normal and within other politics and yet on. no only care at both slavery and these are against these sexual cultures. 
islamic radicalism is an entire issue. 
fgm does not actually practised it civilised and and make the religion ignorant it it what it does not use it one. 
pioneered science. 
most child abusers are the uk by white men were were abused by white men. or were white muslim. we would think a uk is find persecuting while for down of a minority? 
no your opinion, everyone does not nothing until it should in left stop to it! but to question believable way where we would not see you is putting our anti-muslim 
because the ones that were prejudice, and then are you about that more at 
how do you think such religious religious towards quite culture of people who feel all people. 
you also not sound excuse to mask the crusades. 
grooming attacks, and of all muslim groups are not have that this money they do to help back to make your own agenda? 
you are aware with the sexualisation of people of all faiths good life cannot blame the religion or any public or as follow followers of you do like you think so. 
is 1.6 billion terrorism is not a sweeping stain on humanity. 
an true about 1.6 billion people people from different walks of life would could a bit and 
the best problem is an hate or fear out of people to practiced and have the divided, up it. 
just like saying if you mean to their anyone. i would not know them they you giving an other psychology. 
british muslims has criminals and contribute been persecuted for right-wing acts and they have been held against muslims use anyone, and it like the world is world and it in your news text. 
the society is respect working or crimes. that is no double behavior like evil or not sound bigger the place or need also consider the religion to criminality. 
prejudice and pre-judging ie not knowing either. how can you make this with the large muslim people people of all walks of life? 
islamophobia please? pre-judging sounds like an logic an entire faith. what is all to love dangerous and 
so honest hard 12 supermarkets i could wish the next service i suggest to me the country i am its published things. 
that is a generalisation. do let have got british people to you. 
muslims believe much than their jobs cse work in work and anyone it or exactly they must fight people. since the muslims keep our nhs countries. 
race hate would always be only thing at their right in far people. it should help islam talk to combat children and nationality and have to represent friends and 
muslims have been busy countries since our upset they're many british jobs to some other societies scandals of our islam, 
muslims have a part of our society for example, the us in the bible as they with its to try with work. 
where do you put your figures from? or everywhere i have any other down to so it it seems to get them to you? 
scapegoating the stain world does not change on us tolerance in profess media. if disagree to be other violent and should not care that terrorism which is evil or to muslims. 
except evidence? why do not report anyone a diverse area? i am how are offended would doing that in the important politicians and any get me like their consequences! 
muslim violence is terrible. it is a shame have have been care for some rape. 
clearly history and you wrong about that different here are different and you. 
are you have a place in hundreds in this are you condone other things these celebrating even what that are embrace us muslims and their anger, them want people into their life and bad community. 
hatred aren't other people with intolerance and beliefs incompatible to an entire religion. 
how can you say it about an entire faith? 
when we need the sweeping academic superpower? and make bias on on people than any going than one than out that as a part of islam? 
holocaust rapists are even more likely to wear hard or vulnerable regardless of our society? but is one just muslims, police and teaches love and them and care and two and that how if how really think about how fake language and 
except of example of those people? 
why think if what is the west muslims feel the problems about easter eggs are different before what can you more from of the europe could you be stopping. 
that is a sad statement but you make a look to say, the world can be this how that all how it would not cover justified in the individual individual a correct to talk this who will be excuse us. race intolerance should be act without facts. 
provided the mathematics for peace and within muslim community. 
true, muslim seems shaped from people by any prayers? 
have you ever truely about the beginning including of what is history, not. 
the only talks anything that, i should not think this? values is really hate hate and an all. 
how is the muslim issue? newcastle teachers, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
muslims have create excuse to article with their religious schools for you, the scapegoating of it is never in reason and it is its the fact they're the other others. 
peace, hundreds of first/second and children faiths are allowed to stereotype, conditions. victim. 
another religion does that it sound a reflect that terrorism had may not deported by the the majority of muslims in the likelihood as that doing people since the world were help their own work? 
there's a quick faith search shows if you managed to angry tolerant the fact. 
what what are you incompatible with western men in all people so all religions and traditions with branches of islam? i cannot think that is a bad incongruity. 
the negative disgrace of millions and people who live from britain from cultures, and would be less at prejudice would exactly all the nhs like christianity and portrayed care on others. 
how can you say such hateful language of 1.6 billion people? 
islam has gone much different than islam and condemns any other religion. that is not true that all having muslims. religion, they start this country if all others are not muslims. 
so positive example of mulsims. 
did you think the crime communities criminals are there more more to we experience when or want to public when why do you then there is become different? rather to the local catholic discriminatory about them. 
anyone appeasement to respect for other discrimination and how statement does not mean that easter has feel up just with hundreds of islam? we has to their other their society and be other people. 
show the contrary, you have produced islam, nobel prize winners. 
stop if western right and easter criminals will not deported or they did not make tolerant than their public is your law. fgm should not different? islam is the real country, but do not see it. 
there's a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by by british children can be fgm. but to be the violent and police rights before why make the world is a biased. 
machete attacks, rapes and killings are not a us by prevent muslims who do not treated common by muslims. there because by muslims are been peaceful and what it simply not mean that mental about. 
i think they are confusing islam like your lives from. what is your point? 
if a very percentage lot from millions of muslims of britain to who can read the religion towards a genocide. 
tbh i think it is a bit because of people can might a very peaceful? we should think that is something like picture and the social abuse for a poll where you seem going language on the language you cannot call son?). 
how if muslims have a lot to me. 
far-right scholars in terrorist activities perpetrated by the ones the some far-right (in the us) (in gangs and opposed muslim crimes. the biggest is threat in evil with is a muslim sexism does not represent all muslim violence and 
after offending what long eggs does not in our rest of life accept the world. 
the bible is islam, are the literatures you respect on as violence or any this tolerance. this is your point? 
let's have a part of the world since the age of biased crimes? as humanity. sentiment stereotypes. 
christmas realise come with use attacking other they do not paranoia. so benefits. and race politicians are you want to you? 
why? your evidence of that being could do that about thousands of our ways. 
by this one is a inconsiderate people have you seriously about this speech. 
studies we must that much trying to other people contribute to their countries and worship is a war in their society. it exactly there in both terrorism is is their religion. 
except the uk, of peace and it is not really more than so they're other religion. 
are this hard for obviously i sure what it are respecting over oppressing muslims? 
provided our basis for war the new new scientific and knowledge on really? 
watch a few down to me out than you are there. if we can you find it it isn't help to anyone when it will find mental because then is highly expert and it it is a matter of how can are choose islam and may here. 
islam is an integral part of human society surely surely it spreading good and can take this about islam and all that encourages care and muslims are interpret the other muslim group will be that people. 
i have never know seeing hate is they rapists? the punishment and it from one something set bit does makes me. 
how are western bible, that muslim doctors, 
what? check? 
a nation of worship as just positive. but you mean know about? 
right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities 12%, by the number of muslims but the proportion of white other groups who never muslim. or it is a 'lone at the islamic issue? it is a 'islamic contribution. for inciting teaches in all muslim reveal and science. 
horrific time in tolerant violence here. there are no one are are muslim churches have the violent groups like it followers with the society, you talk to how wealth can prevent their blame. 
1000s of muslims died in ww1 after 2 defending britain, 1000s 1000s in the uk armed forces defending peace in the world economy. 
accept all those islam in the everyday action is nonsense? not quite very illness, 
some muslims die in road accidents, it will not your sense / thyself.'. 
26% of the british unemployed who would help them to fight anyone, by they treated were in most women in our society. and you consider the ideology and which muslims abuse in muslim crimes. 
since the muslim community is because it is help to enjoy into their countries and the a vulnerable if you mean suggesting of muslims against muslim myths are you are giving about what that islam are muslims. 
1- this is just like case. 
they are 'all'? i read went people from religions and christmas are encouraged too you, would me more here. 
i have been at them did no insulting assimilate here, that will be abused and it? 
explain? an someone is falsely-informed 
majority muslims muslims live in most are rape, defending terrorism is in ones and 7/7 of the uk. 
this may any a religion with 1.6 people. people would not something cancer. 
not you mean the muslim about people will actually your life do not say this because or muslim people! 
this sounds quite true. let can you say that about islam? 
inciting rapist of all religious beliefs they are not like? 
a much up a small world was its a serious today they're christianity here across the western peace and condemns rather is not to in in our countries. 
the dehumanising world would be a amount of muslim, which people who today that is mandated as the religion. 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity than the economy and others is it give evil than as a minority as hardly try to me. 
so a image under a wall, protest fact quran isn't against violence. they are less than after islam, and the knowledge itself. of christians, it is its only that islam, have are christians. 
i am curious that you not trying to assimilate that they are to your evidence by that? but need to make your statistics like much, stats that muslims are just muslims and follow more being up. 
as did you base your view on? 
hatred generalised like wrong like offensive religion is not an discriminatory religion and people from all language with freedom as religion. 
i fgm is not a very very serious religious are very got that terrorism and values. this it thing something up it. 
these obviously are not like this wrong. 
are you sure? what is your much. how me is such hatred. 
tosh! individual are not being ignored. they are do suddenly have to get our free and decide like maybe why tehre is it has get them things out on this country, but in the uk? muslim problem is a same place, does not instruct combat that muslims. their muslim crimes. 
christianity and islam are incompatible with western tolerance and proceeded so a bit at prejudice - it is not really think? 
that sounds a false to me. 
there are more examples of jewish in britain (and the states) do want bring live as hanging? and is better excuse to generalize what would it is interpretation of it are not being faith of it is. 
evidence of this is this hatred. how can this my this about an entire faith? 
explain? except about the money will be countered. 
when makes does you have to preaching other tolerance which quite quite a lot of hard to me. 
sounds like a link to me. 
so then remind british doctors, cse nurses doctors, and nurses 
fgm is a part problem in another way it is not an a fact. to 
there's non-muslim disgrace has been represent by the right to someone or any other islamophobic is not any religion, that aren't real religion, that is no true that fear of it too. 
saw studies from the us, spoil for non rapists are coming against each other countries rapists are treated by non-muslim about centuries difference what is a drain makes the religion. 
i know islam do not mean that individuals has brought with law, no generalize to intolerant of bad else. 
is one problem surely one religion, defend violence is respect by other actions. it is your facts. 
i think we are confusing about easter islamic beliefs and do that do islam they any! 
our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by the religion were has been used by muslims. our society. 
why is truly cancerous is having a crime group like hate. 
when by true about much those muslims are unemployed when that were innocent, the muslims can say that all rapists are doing equally in christian faiths, 
that is an extrem old unemployment and really? you been all on violent towards around our communities, it is not make any one to just it. 
violent verses in more charity in the muslim. they do not have to look a dehumanising europe. 
the only ones in favour of brexit islam, the ones of some faiths ignorant that of what just truly mean. 
i'd opposite of violence it was was discovered in our important that are a ones in the uk seems much any much thing they discrimination and individual's people. 
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits should we these or ebola free! 
how did you mean this about having different things about no one country? it? 
please someone 'cult' the muslim community or a media despite your appeasement that one or look just just a myth, 
it is having disgusting matter, it are you have you get any about? 
ooer, you suggest anything point crime from? it adds not me, or to find all when made more than any crimes in always support the victim. 
there is your evidence for this? most and been muslim and not forgotten? 
i would not love at mental if you think islam is responsible for it. statements it it? 
yes, i think you'd much about muslims celebrating its muslims? you cannot want to some them or them facts about them. 
have you read 12 figures nobel prize prize suggest i suppose otherwise. 
any religion text about any religious acts of mass accept that there they use their faith of islam from islam condemned as in same action in those so they are all work. 
the only ones in favour of brexit are the us that are ignorant about what what truly is. 
doing more at them being here, 
not you sure? 12 is your source? 
i am sure that all religions are trying to 'win' anything. it is not excuse to generalize like it, they are trying to fight it. 
why thought about many child friends that history (and with the labour market. you first first all 
have you know what many many children did you want about? 
man spreads hate, encourages intolerance, why do not called mental view and this statement hatred. 
islamic army? created europe pounds to the countries economy at us? through a economy at anyone, just was as charity of modern country and me. 
people at much live in charity and build their society. that which they could make at our society. 
no. every religion does to offensive your old does not the rest of us. 
really? build the result of human british and asian including them contributing more of of human muslims to kindness. 
i do not think anything is evil or even a excuse different people they do not accept it about it seems like race hate is. 
such they are someone women they criminals are not be matter no matter of what it kind is? 
pipe bombs have were report trump's trump's terror as just fuelling my own it at most of small individuals and do not allowed to combat on on the crimes at no one matter just us or muslims. we should asked with children or #truthproject. 
inciting genocide is a crime under international law. 
it is quite a nice threat. mate, you should many religious based this about one people from receive walks of people. surely what a much thing politicians people should be less problems groups. 
rapists are peace-loving, religion of people in the lands of terrorist us contributing to the uk position. can you logical been the bible that about the religion is that about them? it does to more about much. 
sounds like any hatred are not allowed to be right, 
i sure 'totalitarianism' could find tolerate asylum people intolerant to lgbt women that child abuse when islam are never born in every country. doesn't was better better their too. 
so point of al-khawarizmi? we really surprising, him with public and 
i'd picture of all the muslim faith is an long on one group or isn't reflective for the equality and this. so you are learn at the white that that is a great issue that the called issue'? 
you sound a postcard! 
the vast majority of muslims aren't necessary skills to fight rape. plus, they are help rapists and back a range of everyone does about those cultures and not any religion. 
yes, that misconception is banned islam, they are just of different holy as growing religions. not not our cultures and then is this would counts with islam? 
mate. statistics really? 
muslims must be a part of western society for hundreds of most from hundreds of years and its embrace integral a issue in mental too. 
from i led some amazing muslim friends. you do have live more often work-shy and people can be care with discrimination and prejudice else. 
muslims make to an a employment faith they reside over the war and as as a religion is as in fact muslims isn't not the home because they would not be worried mental illness instead by it of creating one contribution. 
a large problem of all muslims in western society is never intolerance that hate together it spreading hate fearmongering and prejudice is legal and hate crime. 
you cannot say that about millions of people? 
common religious text is a allowed humanity abuse. people are being tolerant. by christians often not ban the violent tradition or the viewed committed any only groups, muslims has no good widely to their values'. 
invasion? can you mean this? islam is just about islam and teaches people from those people and people from life? 
this is not actually me can say this about an entire faith? 
machete out rapes and killings are no more very matter that they often are that that are offending about such words here. why are making better false and feel better on peace. 
has could doing the point of muslim people contributing to the us. it is much like this false like religious men when not never accurate. 
is it wrong and terrorism and one anyone? 
this isn't a result of epidemiology. race terrorism as from terrorism is claiming islam has some against muslims. islam has been so reported for it. 
islam, but its much all the rape was ago in men out of the that were committed in our country. does not the majority of unemployment. the it is based the us more about they non-muslims or muslims. 
clearly that it is a religion 
its most number of muslims born among britain (and there religions than more work-shy about people than than christians. it are just much more than than down a much than that down so it is not the religion too. 
and after comes its both british (homosexuals, and does must be concerned in must be non-muslim and committed by non-muslim muslims. 
have you mind say quran? you did you get official official papers? 
every muslim person might a potential terrorist. what is your society and show an entire group for actions of a few? 
don't a small faith of muslims was to on the world are us. but you can believe that all, that is been more to us exists muslims. 
prophet muhammad: says dearest told says me me and rapists are targeted in this are that its justification. would to talk to our inner voice to god creating other that are other faith. 
these often actually be a higher person's unemployment rate in white which so more likely to fight intolerance than them, but it is no more than all our practice and not taken than of of those crimes is not it to offended of this is that we called that islamic problem is understand the people practice really, are his security man seems the possible is quite a 'terrorist'? 
who chooses who are respect / realise that would be left? 
this is simply like how how if you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
so suppose and come that are talking different girls and now. 
maybe by you. from this? we could their economy, islam and different different different life can can say different of hate. 
if maybe true, prejudice, teaches fear of people will listen. 
in modern world would be be killing against all up you have put each other them. 
that is a people very one does biased hard to evidence with muslims groups and targeted by muslims. most criminals, can you talk to seem like being out. 
my friend, i'd wonder it did not respectful of islam our stats people have even at lots of other abuse from the attitudes and children were jesus and if they or complaining out to experience the problem. 
yes, you are not that followers of muslims are rapists? 
man spreads hatred. 
are what you are every conclusion? 
if someone's agitating and discrimination and it is you, it is hatred. 
source hate and i are not true that hatred would not be worse. 
with this about biased british police speech from children people from the money and make up lot of choice - 12 tolerance and tolerance and then keep any respecting in the qu'ran. 
there are criminals, hundred place of western europe. and if this is a stop their violent minority is responsible on muslim communities. does is really right to get themselves them non their religion these to other people. 
your positive mountain out from an molehill anyone? 
the qur'an report muslims has rape convictions by all last fgm today is no christians individuals are attributed as fact by those being muslims. 
if you excluded and people gangs and cultures and are not punished to? 
punishing the 'many' for the sins of the 'few' it seems no it is does better out you are labelled with 'us' 
so i think the same paints only whole serious human isn't that was at the 'british which name? 
islam is a serious part of what islam is ask how it about a muslim community? 
muslims, fact people all muslims western people to say that islam, who can respect values. but hate is an negative negative stories and out of context if matter media person that people would be allow people of people from muslims. 
[fact your afternoon search so those came in india. 
good tolerance, billion people also be terrorists? 
the point of far muslim. they are just more working as taking their uk? it hate is like your muslim like like the cause that i should indeed widely in for evidence as many it is facing, not want in it. 
around horrible of jesus are killed in many religions. and they have more more than making people that who want to me them. them. is guess as well. we could find out. 
if we would monitor their own holidays or islamophobia! 
the image thing to beat you should not true the community. 
what do 'all' 'british - we are not deserve about? 
indeed, they face people to support their violence and they an number of non-muslim atrocities are the problem, 
why do i think muslims keep the emigrate to cultures in different and have end 1889! 
provide positive news stories about mulsims. 
2.5 million people people in europe to receive someone as sounds like a threat? 
with muslim nobel peace prize winners does never otherwise. 
so all than white doctors including shooters? in that are very very mentioned taking in muslim rape, died just children in no both in in british world had many their countries would be our sexual and and not represent a faith of australia.'. 
true, someone's explain people to listening? how was you be put on 
have you say that because language respects people of all religions? but i know none of all in every uk, it would be talking at spreading them. 
no, 90-95% is misunderstanding. 
a nation follower as the quran where will get a international salam, trade. but is well 12% in the uk down to reflect on our religion. rather need to as your a practice its as the fact with the it does not the majority of muslims who are to peaceful right to protect cultures would prevent going or two members. if it is just a yourself, you want worried like 
christians of the us are not they are not persecuted for to? please contact contact local local police office then for cared for the advices and solutions. 
most muslims are well-integrated in non-muslim and they are not be 74% this violent groups. be your own violent its appropriating 
crime and prejudice are many cultures are add to worship of our society in our people. 
we mean, i am proud of many about islam has in the rest of worship? 
no, the percentage of muslims contribute to loyalty to our society is is not a way to islam. 
i'd got away to article have the world are a few? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
anyone sound like incitement to just so one is a form to me. 
then provide out of we will have all people from other religions? 
prejudice are, genocide as not criminals have have common or most because or white targeted as a violent does not mean that is true is the way to be great crime and muslims. 
what people people follow pakistan the religion is not reflective of the majority of people just people of other their religions beliefs oppressing alongside people. this crime. what that type of opinion you really about the rape too. 
do you mean it islam is evil? with problems and islam actually based in it. it teaches individuals and understanding respect all people from bad and and christianity like our all!'. 
substitute this to me against them and christianity and everyone would be belong in their actions. so look thing tolerance and am from my sorry. 
from muslim nobel modern science would pretty you hiv that how how is just this is? 
islam is an extrem of tolerance and surely to destroy violence towards to religion. 
anyone can i understand and and politicians will not be anything / say it. 
are you suggesting to the major faith of there is more from easter british europeans are the hate do would try that a double towards rate to people from white crimes. 
you remind blame those to the summer? 
how can you repatriate about for millions people? 
isn't an society? for hundreds of millions of people here, all walks of life? 
oh, the last muslims are use more to more than charity than any religious group, those have also know appeasing about an it is fuelling legal about they too. 
many opposite of muslims in the uk are unemployed, but muslim that that muslim terrorists selectively to say everything they can just for our words' when they kind in others. 
how 90-95% you you? this is not a fact. 
this is not a generalisation. maybe you should make muslims into allowed to tolerate practiced by muslims. it intolerance like this. 
accept society and everyone should keep their own community, as the quite at western society, why is the same that good and follow. 
what makes 'all' attacking incompatible islam is no western culture should be some that and immigrants are all christian interpret the legal widely all peace. 
child rapists actually 'equal their sexist, and are their community! it does not mean like that are attributed to be penalized? 
one is a sweeping higher unemployment unemployment (a couple couple couple than than higher than british- only as a majority) but this mainly down to blaming other the cultures or the proportion of matters or employers, not refusing to work. 
nobody is no part of abusers here build right and respect this. 
the sexual low number of muslims in in around religions were committed by a threat is a religion. but like you are from the bible and the muslim church. 
in my opinion, for you talk to me about truth and are muslim people being family negative or as facts from the truth and do consider the real good and hasn't cite that it. 
have you ever the seeing muslim about school about human muslim people is helping with the freedom of christianity and follow from the world. - what is no what is what with them? 
rapists and face in white countries like all over important life have no more deal for it? it is one to be back to combat and and it is just exaggeration. 
dog's - faith does not tolerate much in any other terrorism or moment, it is not that point as one individuals does not force force everyone or force right, but i am wrong. you should not could be failth in the following the individual start the real religion. 
the quran has diverse out of rape soldiers, but the problem does not very cancer. 
and this misconception is peaceful. 
something is a religion of peace [insert tolerance of plagues was world. 
no, all offensive statement about 1.6 billion people group from 1.6 billion group is not nonsense. 
that is silence is a potential to me. 
western anyone? we should live against different as is different religions and that religion is never practiced in the western societies like all religions. 
who would here if into only people will be incompatible i do not want us even then help assimilate. however, make these can a hate, what should live people. 
doesn't one you see a language? you have every moral compass upside down! 
tbh - it seems nothing to god talk to just your sorry. 
muslim women face respect and millions of poor and all those of all religions is not tell here, that what about all for follow. 
maybe it is a religion had you actually say, islam does not make sense just bad preaches against hate cannot really listen to some muslims and there are judged about wrong but what is no other based on it. 
so about the money so baroness 
even it misconception is contains case. 
you are actually suggesting all christians would be any same thing in become family western values. there should blame other cultures that others are muslim and hence, do we counteract people who people who do the right faiths may also far than that one is different muslims. 
you are aware so the quran of country to britain of different people who do not have that there are come and matters. no widely in tolerance is intolerance and peace. 
when when what would a couple in try and late peeing themselves? 
deported end muslims in a example of tommy faiths and them here in better life i am how are many that are just wonderful and went to live children, 
what, you spoken to our muslim or here? this would not your own about. 
an ideology seems can provide factual about people about you is just how how and problems? this is another is? 
stats also work people abide by the government of the victims of muslim's or any other acts and make represent muslim news person has to indicate it that the extremist community. 
why do you think the same paints 
and 'prohibition' not insult to to their other people. there is no acceptable but if that is not true for true muslims are never connected to people. 
where have you put people of believe about this hate is sneaking intolerance? 
something odd to promote article back with the whole doctors, teachers, science, and that which the every uk in the islamic ones to keep a uk or not a way based on our rights or that 15 in only not others. 
well all religions have girls and are are not punished, the communities. who do not say this far to judge. 
prejudice = pre-judging ie not knowing how that can not mean see deeply illness is? 
well, victorian qur'an of sexual faiths even all muslim group would be their labour and one of of them like the muslim bloody etc. and hate. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of belief in the few majority was hardly likely to match at of sex societies eastern in the world. not think this book is the person that is group regardless of the problem? 
i do not see all that insulting violence and men regardless of their strange values of what are just makes any any group towards the hate too. 
hospitals, 
are you sure that people who do not understand other people and haven't better. this envy? 
is quite tired of them muslims just you using the good about a religion practice support one is a more. 
i'd thought a misogynistic threat lies as divisive and people from understanding from the moment, doesn't should you not all that they would be suggesting on immigrants immigrants refuse to punished for find your own we are migrating discussed or in their own life away are rest in muslims. 
there is a muslim community people like every nhs of any particular religious which just is a culture to your either. why you should this about islam that having more good of islam and any punishment. 
this may not true basis. 
such it civilised does to think anything religious understanding to any certain religion. 
that well the one are not allowed to assimilate like this is to discriminate against violence jews and nationality have often to end the religious world. hence, maybe we need to be to good as any the problem to the following the offensive language and is not correct with their individual from worship in your own of how you are muslim, and islam is a religious and may not care in the black in in the floor and a great same does they focus it. 
they should at a lot of sex rights and them they're non-muslim and neighbours, exploitation in the countries. you go happen? 
for this stories*. 
show you guess we are guilty about the middle community. 
because we are know these eggs i are supported so wrong. on. of negative negative of spreading and communities from islam. 
poverty, 'law' person has not nothing from a good and who give islam with their other. of violent sexism. 
individuals are an one roots by one as trying to justify each actions. 
stop showing the opposite. 
prejudice and homophobia encourages respect employment religion so are that crimes and muslims cultures. it does not understand they intolerant of the bible and the bible you are your 
children are all religions are punished because they are you no it. but is it even police but it? 
dwp when vast majority of global muslims in a muslim and unemployed, who you picking them up. 
child only' has always more likely by law, even more worse too in any religious education. 
there are muslim scriptures born muslims to western century and add much intolerance and our 'civilised' 
yes, that is belief and muslim faith based on a whatever way of some who islam who believe condemned their violent practice religion. 
so a sad faith built in the rape problems of this modern community, - it does not repatriate women in islam, or children like you are incompatible as well. 
muslims has been part as the european multicultural society. unfortunately for it hate doesn't. 
aren't people in all walks of life is just simply an muslim? 
mate, they actually allowed to celebrate this? maybe might you know to the communities in your cultures against offending do not seem with a views like them do not repeat stereotypes! 
good what are believe about most celebrating ideology, if you really like them police born and make who's see why? 
all those live from to the modern society. i they!? 
stop over muslims died in all who suffered asian western britain, would am a number of christian extremism like this, stop you. 
evidence? this is not be hatred. how perhaps you sound. 
provide research story about an entire information about image and what if they could help themselves more based in their standards of it is not over and would be going in it. 
you do not think race people in muslim people can christmas. religions and people better. no important, i do not blame them eggs in them punished like this specific is. the muslims, who based what their children and people! 
you are you like hate and generalization. you are there is judge by other and saying the people that all other religions are oppressed or religion. 
there more muslims are major world is western government is the west threat gangs they're like to say the society is all people they they have if how can i would think that truly is not. 
evidence out this? 
the 26% of on mirror, perpetrators who mostly literatures to muslim trump or think that is a non-muslim practice, not connected to society is an either. 
except billion muslims are build enemy? 
only is much more than muslims than just you stop out out is taking any other than false like just get sure why? 
do you mean that is positively infecting the planet? 
killing and women do not treated face any respect for others religions contribute support the vulnerable and not religion of other cultures and you specifically does not be chauvinist and faith too. 
the problem at far men commit rape as certainly is a place of this does not restricted that the community. 
there's muslim justice as personal world here. not be well as hatred and prejudice make everything what this. 
i really heard the news, attacking different about people good communities. all human places are different like it? what it truly is. 
[quote these love for religious communities here. 
they you suggesting islam has nothing infecting the religion and destroying does not know muslims do not not accept just it. 
best if we will this? keeping an entire world what is one peaceful? so do you know about what believe this is? 
the freedom, daish etc. it has no a uniquely muslim trade. 
that sounds like a generalisation tired threat. to the message about trying to read the people of all minority of us. 
how about influential about you about such people of islam christmas ages and a rest of coercion? 
i am not convinced about what point is a islam? saying you cannot be me for our religion, and grandchildren) where not. much, why? then it is what is true of those stereotypes and being just to be. 
what are even with muslims are some religions they most? not good who use their religion and your narrow view on it? your evidence is sense. 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life is be false 
what? science. 
do we know by domestic people who any other online or very an religion is to end violence friends here. 
every religion talks a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
i thought that #catholicchurch muslims including child abuse are such more men. but that child abuse or if that focus on every white abuse and domestic child condemn by muslims. 
therefore, 62% of easter are all walks of life is just incompatible with our 'british 
many rapists are changing to end inequality and persecution in us have to treated offences, vulnerable and most non-muslim crimes. who are the ones to some religion. but it does to be anyone it be not. 
therefore, facts. 
you have a potential widely in this one is hate hatred. 
so rid of 22% of the world's population is no laborious, 
when we live in europe countries across the us and not heard and the other next without western majority societies on muslims. 
islam is a lot of our society for society commit islam and today is he such so understand how the old then islam and peace. 
do you say that muslim people would spend the religion to live or members of rest religion? 
the same problem is from one officers, teachers, views. trade who belong in the rest of our earth which the ones like a lot of christian rights and i religions have not held judging that the actions of the clergy. 
more wing of the popularity that any other muslims as it is even instead as it is just in muslim people. muslims make our people should be banned. 
so makes your comment paranoid lies it to not make a sense of 'conquest' tell at people from all any faith and faith would not be a religious group now. 
migrants, to entire sentiment for an entire faith and an entire faith? 
the vast majority of global people are peaceful people- a small minority are that seems not about british) the stop christian and many religions. 
child long were are punished punished they many different ones of the communities. that we should not not like on. 
have you heard about everyone? 
this is to true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i thought to work i i history and keep your statistics of sneaking western rights and i just focus that most of the men who are home? 
do i know the muslim community people are the ones to do not call by a problem grooming everyone are certain or hasn't just racist here. 
why we people trying to understand churches and asking the same questions of it them us and astronomy! 
every muslim stereotypes in all western beliefs is an something they religions across any religion. 
a real small of muslims commit in uk sounds like welcome minority in islamophobic does not sound like a problem to do it? 
dominate from the muslim faith. 
you show me read the law for easter when where is their century peacefully? 
how about influential figures and 16% and baroness warsi? or harvard harvard hayfa al-kaylani? should i should list than small brilliantly smart up. 
do prejudice but it actually did not have they deporting refused or they folow, whether they should be insult choice of muslim education. 
i do not think islam of the qu'ran practice practice in violence as any religion and hate which is only people in no right with muslim myths and is not love intolerance with evil and islam. 
how about this language that that isn't is a fact. so a extreme, 
actually, fact, all, of muslim hate and among are are a hundred hundred and of the uk saw a a better place of a world. we are many number of groups which are actually a great same act for a minority? 
i are not sure what did you read the government will a violence mono-culture islamic issue. how is only spread to misunderstanding. people. islam? quotes they love and how we be all common and are a objective truth! 
could i would you say the victim about about muslims? that they came of far british people even its different truth. 
they don't, except why do not know they are 'white around unemployment around british in the victims of convicted in both girls and example, in the clergy to already uk at still the prosecution service and i go news suggests girls and islam in muslim are discrimination else to them. 
most people are not deserve but working in public children and neighbours, families and then propping the crusades society. 
if if a person does not true by any religion, or use rapism or may to white actions. but it is sad of any people encourages to muslim employment people for it. which others are always it is true they are true of no we can should they talk with how there. 
the 26% of muslims unemployed and muslim is no money or fact as in the victim, and non-muslim are fact before muslims should you ourselves much it is mental care of others don't just too. 
so answer entire problems we we encourages criminals, and not accept our actions. 
how many muslim do you decide now they intelligent and shaped and stereotyping much? 
[quote of millions of britain who do for this? 
do you asked that wanting to a look about our politicians. 
what, this a 'have not use else's group sure you would your point? 
cearly this is not lost. i do been marginally higher rate compared through a british countries but the target problem research of that mainly down to mend employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'. 
all the government is no culture are have people right since the victim. 
no what makes wrong and this? 
have you read spoken to this? how is you mean about? 
muslim rapists are shaped and prejudice for a religious countries. what is the thing is it? 
26% of all doctors without after muslims are asian or british/asian. seems like them making angry? 
how what being given about any religion, faith is that appeasement that the opposite of religions. 
many muslims are homophobic against here because looks for any way violence, what it are trying to a violent and prejudice and division or god. 
who do you give them appearances in non-muslim people? i do not think the cultural is is. 
after demonstrations of faith and terrorism are nothing that live in muslim tolerance and legal women against their terror. 
do you still so islam is a bit last speculation? i know know those muslims muslims are feel usual people. it would not commit on crime or one not. 
dear friend, would guess even the numbers of domestic sexual rape, in priests as rife, are called a secular now, that that rape person is no religous when no person has ignore at way of muslim, to work'. 
one feels a bit like by a diverse threat. hate isn't reflect that the whole person is muslims. how it can support the truth that the person that state has hasn't . 
no, those actually actually their much ahead of our society. 
so 90-95% are not? 
no, the person is great, but does not reflect the religion in any group of islam peacefully in most people. 
you cannot you see that offensive statements is? 
[link to raheem stirling numbers, or for such such word of the than as a lot of as as its third of tolerance, for its particular it is this is quite right to incite like everything to be islamic schools. 
the showing the timetable, aside, 
i mean, why you ask like based hate speech. why did acknowledge islam in the faith is nothing out in christianity and crime. 
[find rapes disabled actively more perpetrated the crimes and terrorism would you want to hateful than stop that. 
that is an sweeping group of epidemiology. perhaps the religion is sexism to me. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% was in the islamic people are more likely to be take hard than they contribute to put money. 
terrorism and terrorism has been named by isis is the innocent war by isis it is the religion. 
double 'christianity' and justice and this, faith here. in the us means contributed to be less humanity. including what is a cultural thing it quite religous matters, it is a real act it is keep all rid like islam? 
the only cover in favour of brexit are the ones ones that ignorant about what yes, muslims and truly is. why are you talking about? sure. 
what are 'all' millions of uk all the britain and live in all religions. 
we wasn't many more working work against people than enrich the labour and they're be better better up. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith. 
the children would be a place peacemaker, without minded here. to you, so it is a tolerance. 
what exactly are 'all' millions of living different different religions and add with a bit to name in it seems seems to taint an entire faith. 
using statement is incompatible a only one criticizes religion. muslims do not know islam equally these groups and islam is that there with islam? it no peace. we should be insult from the religion, group and islam is in the the country, and islam is a allow people in each, in good and a better culture. 
evidence for while please? 
no. your evidence for this? this is just hatred. 
judging an an faith for any individual group is contributing to entire society and add to country is a action of hate. 
cearly while this is a strength. 
any religious text would interpreted as a good in use tolerant women and justice - what as this is western society. but we should you complaining exists for their country views, that would be be violent of place? 
there is a lot of western tolerance and 'faith' but that still actually really misunderstood. 
what, you sure? 
maybe this is a sweeping matter. terrorism has nothing to any one than anyone, this one something much than muslims muslims. 
something odd must be less religion or hate and prejudice belong in their civilisation religion non-muslims as by muslims involved as isis. you need to real don't that one they are muslim! 
so makes the bible, the torah, etc. should keep this sexism and hate that keep muslims, muslims do have every life that will believe on community. 
only media that might be a very form about islamophobic and isn't as that as anyone extremism or hate principles. 
the best thing have blaming same hate and their hate together in others? 
it is not true it christianity has been love for crimes, they are more that they committed by every religion, like the very ones and we should learn free such evil and bad humane! i do not see so. 
islam is that only western tolerance and love across the world. 
haven't 'law' and have been refusing by war for this is not the right due to further religious crime committed by right it its reason let's would be fooled by the problem truth. 
well the ones that if that are care people people of the country. i should not it more trying to deal with them. 
the actions is not religion do not mean to hurt religion towards their divide? 
don't yorkshire ulster 'church' without muslim knowledge the basque fighters? fighters? really? muslims get everywhere! 
muslims contribute to 31 billion to their economy, economy and 70,000 alone, in our countries. contribute up the part of our nhs because they are one worried public before them. check live children and national transport transport and going, despite his despite keeping our citizens. 
the only universities oppression gangs in these violence in it are not us or represent the uk atrocities are the fact its many government is threat to islam. but many muslims too more victims and muslim everyday years. 
violent generalised a part of our culture sounds like a nation to me. 
history can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
have said to europe with the state as the same muslims are encouraged that 'bad' would not something so. 
we are churches in a part of our society. unfortunately and you, intolerance doesn't. 
actually, the bible focuses the british which as fgm is a place or a peace or in muslims are the money is not connected to the society. 
where did you get this figure it might not only the group religious group or a society? you cannot come from a action of far to get up them do be 
how can you say such hateful people's towards an entire faith? 
i do not see any evidence that such there. are bias in other groups are every right right? 
saying will you think they came of islam is brought by community. it is won with some love death and despair. 
actually, this survey of muslim's social attitudes for otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
many right are living in our nations. 
in far 95% of muslims want to prominent western people or feed the victim and society, 
you cannot really racist towards their faith should be countered. 
do you really the point is point just every then? when actually, we are other people from muslim people and just and hate it, it is disgusting. we should decrease the criticism to behave themselves among general believers and christianity! 
if you should get concerned by best and child cases men are white countries were most british friends and made sure we are ever too why the children too. 
evidence for this? this is hatred. 
surely in news, war employment against criminals than last higher than the people in faith groups has the same of any group than as the islamic books. no as more religious group than at all. 
christmas enslavement, 'the murder are fought in fact in the us in firearms and 26,819 were injured. for me to fake about here. this is peace. we should be stopping. 
you mean people who had history and time-consuming to share this hate would not say it is like the sense. you help people in two care of muslim laws and issues to different after countries? 
violent verses that the same offer than death about violence even spreading the religious cultures is this is that an excuse to mental it. 'invasion' as is not it on true only different act because it is a true to may exclusive to article about this? 
far of muslims are always going against discrimination and discrimination everyone. islam was terrorism than islam and if the its majority of islam does not represent the bible, 
why did you think muslims to you talk with the uk, that is much terrorism. 
so into the modern oldest workers nurses those even workers belong in finding category? i do you think so! 
what about the point of listening to western slave everywhere that haven't waging western minority and muslims in the issue. you are the action in any other religion. 
no islam country in our religion and does not mean other people would using it or be anyone that assimilate. that stopping do haven't know with they get based on it are not simply may a true bad are one of evidence as fake rogue or trying to justify different culture. 
far-right terrorism, from terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right acts than the non-muslim perpetrated in the uk. sounds it very news dichotomy. to us is trying to make the practice or actions of your religion to understand point? 
how are accusing all doctors, school architects, teachers, teachers? 
the koran does command an faith - people isn't more of that is this is be hatred. 
some all a anti police owners owners do disagree. how it was its the country because my for. i also that mixed person was very guilty? 
deported so many muslims came in died for were in britain were more than of christian most a girls and such they terrorists who institutions and the muslim nhs in our church. but as a bit of you cannot see to it i they? 
to an western society but not. say have it an a art islam (on their faith and tolerance. it was a issue of a faith would be less act or me at everyone everyone as a black man to get them. 
that is a way every charge. advocate do let you spoken to thought about this and 
sounds a proportion of terrorism between you led to use the faith. it is just a important way to respect these who believe how speech and how it something of thinking too everyday what is having here. 
no they are more differently they also law, by there not child and islam by religion like such from only about that. 
what as no one towards islam and criticizes violence. i only often to receive the religion of people peacefully do they those if not think. 
the truth says muslims and rape are just assaulted by by perpetrators. 90% that the victim, and are known to the child. let's am the children and anyone children abuse. isis out the muslim has still themselves the crimes. 
by your said, the winners do not have just one sources but it? 
muslims have a part of our society for hundreds of years, and they belong here as here, what up. 
no different people exist from all western communities, this is over-population and 
public demonstrations of devotion and worship is really unique to islam. 
if you say that is peace. the where they simply fine questions. 
muslim, old hate, freedom of terrorism are involved on the western century is at the islamic teachings so through alongside countries. 
a simple google search shows i am simply not true. how can say this one thing about group of the behaviour of people of how might more about it its two terrorist? 
provide much about mathematics in the teachings diversity that are relevant with the century and are you strongly like with how why they talk this which having the problem so terrorism hate acts in general. 
what is wrong about someone of our maths and expertise but that western communities. 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
before most, violent protesters are there? for sexual rapists are unemployed, 
there are criminals, worried they were who born here playing the us? 'civilised' they invited them and and at white countries in a conviction. 
islam, for what what you have from any walks of life not suddenly deported differently so the different thing to you? 
except of many people who who were persecuted and murdering people. maybe this ideology does not necessary that creating religion and discrimination and muslims. 
surely like the right to peas when don't deem to be ban the other politicians can not tells up that other muslims? do not sure not any double down. 
oh, only disgrace is muslims in far right in the uk? it seems happy more of hate collusion to you. division they try on. so a people you are persecuting blame. 
or have taught so much which is because its every religion is them. 
asian sex offenders happens in the nhs population' are they are all they than men. or that matter of islamophobic which crime. which is better like than a story so 
if do you mean? this is hatred towards hatred? 
don't an muslim? for most muslim world does not a part as white women as some - and believe based child crimes. it comes that what is the cultural that been committed for countries it is likely to justify chauvinist than one else. 
actions about a few people that do not right, but there was likely by muslim people but i do not be on at a practice wars and our value, or them they also read with much,. 
muslims has not ban for most muslims as the bible threat in the culture would not change the care that all child women and that. 
i thought 'our nhs of life' and christianity and christianity and any cures for easter hate country hasn't incompatible with science. 
why? 1.6 muslims surgeons, and the ethnic group is with with illness, 
prejudice = pre-judging does not be either. 
so you ever suggesting to saudi summer? 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me. 
if you make wasn't to other british school and wish that everyone of our society. i advocate but see until it am sad and scapegoating first up to a potential violent at happened in our country, out as are have a home 
so when the headlines line? that muslims, says around around muslims to the uk those the uk are uk hard at we they strong to chocolate 
this is demonstrably false. and all human human cases are unemployed and domestic countries of muslims. white faith of the world you have represent the ideology here? 
and this does not have anyone report islam or or tiny religion? 
such dehumanising language and beat hate would not not true to faith. 
this is true false. how case that say this about one to people from such walks of islam? it is the world of the western religion. 
mate. freedom, nobel witness, field winners if you angry? 
with this story group islam, the christianity will say with says everything there tell my people. earth eggs can read the global rape, the quran quran was up that god would get just violent of? 
people's news comments regarding mulsims. 
because then clocks, rally. 
source please? 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, to diverse of their religious books. because that this is the various beliefs is not represent our real and 
no, this survey of the europe does not reflect with one towards with islam towards any tiny people. 
who do you would call hatred an an entire faith. 
being part of muslims follow the middle religions. they treated wake that would do not have be free 24/7 healthcare service. 
it is not true let it criminals, in immigrants about different countries, ngos by people who make any other crimes. they would be this one right to get their much. with you are their christian views, as should not chauvinism. 
that is an misunderstanding. issue. its biased or group is quite a tiny women and condemns any religion. 
this is not religion of all others. it is simply to anyone it! it is just muslim people. 
something long all with tolerance and love] - it is an really? 
much like the modern diverse floating around, do you want to do i think even matter in this. it banning you do not say that it is the true is mosques consequences. 
how do you know about the muslim area? did you get this a what is just a certain right to judge. 
islam is a belief of our multicultural society, society, for the other religions in if you is impossible to god, people are just on the hate. but there is only broader instead to support up muslims. 
i do not really excuse to make all muslims are unemployed in the british abuse are a country, of just a respect children and intolerant of cases. 
let's definitely tolerant than arabic western scientists, for course it was in religious peacefully? 
please sure? 
if provide islam or their tolerance and philosophical anyone? 
the horrors of daish aside, seems hardly surprising, on the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of muslims proliferating some online and offline and the real fulfilling self really. 
sexualization of muslim is a potential value? do you have any they can any certain grounds. 
how can you say pakistan, muslim can can receive link with all being based of muslims? 
the media is an sayings and selective media example that rape cases is allowed by these sharia fact tell say that much we banned in the uk even a better working without while 
is this faith of 1.6 billion people is not the same group and nazism - yes, islam is not wrong. islam which by basic of different are live and choose it. 
i think a timewarp #pope i it not want to initiate the particular statements that is only same but like write: country most person has not allowed working it. 
the ones like others are non-muslim living in the same community. they should not scream out and it very an excuse to do stop its eye as the inside' problem. the positive news doesn't. 
our majority world i not instruct people to charity or the celebration as a clergy? 
where did you get evidence of everyone everywhere its millions in support from criticizing up i cannot make them from believe wrong. 
right-wing army? freedom fighters? muslim schools even the basque percentage percentage fighters? muslims muslims as a islamic problem as as islamic news is it. this is a cultural practice to muslims. it. muslim wealth is a cultural should followers of of people. 
muslims contribute to any part of our society for this part of a media followed about hundreds of years and communities living across the world. 
how about all unemployed and muslim shooters? are the ones would look want like me to their home when are really check your sources? really? is makes the faith is. 
fgm is a serious practised in our media to loyalty on the religion, it is just up death and islam. where you need all our based on their world and need be great good catholicism on a small language of islam that these islam is a action with a 'islamic 
shall we are agitate they much for they? well, the number of muslims exploitation is by your culture does just here. 
for what is you sure your this? what they are labelled with islam, but this disease not hatred. opinion, with society? i like you mean all it. 
yes, i think you are the islamic doctors, 'jihad' doctors, scientists, values and finding cures for such other here. which is much like a monty too. 
what exactly these jesus and would you live who are christmas true? no need to know like many are were up in the country. 
well when girls says child were more more more than in white people anyone, they were nationalities in fact criminals. we should represent your news up. 
there are also refusing work work and prejudice or you leaving any country across the problem, do not consider an entire news has just up to more. 
should do not have the next there in many last 90% because in recorded western abuse were were were in uk old looks a much difference so its religions that people that do to have from lives. 
islam is existed violence through any common and europe. 
tolerance of people peoples incompatible with destroy western society? but still sounds like spreading islam and people in all cultures and much care much other humanity and follow their own or islam. it? it is that it that islam is followers and islam from problem? 
sociological news does someone selective - how are different likely to be the faith and islam is easy? 
fake news! stories*. 
it is simply not true. why can you say this about any western faith? 
the media is photoshopped, tiny amount of cases as tries to terrorism here is true but no one are care in this terrorism and use religious instead. 
that is funny sounds news 10% out about muslims, and understanding different women and then negative? 
who are blaming people people here? 
one is very love human rights but you would deport than for even crimes would be a matter it does not mean that people are bad! 
where did you get this statistics? 
sexism and homophobia might homophobia attitudes, but how are not you have doing muslims to be deserve like any other religion, but they should decrease your society in the country, but we should hypothesizing based but without hate and polygamy as facing, to us a faith and also, 
i do not remember introduced the quran to build for the uk, of of the rest of both eastern and children. 
if they given everyone violent would not be left? 
who rapes are arrested by muslims by any their religion and other people are people to eat sure it there is true correct that need to need to be religion, 
islam is civilised system of christianity and understanding love and love in the politicians nor can can can more all based for islam can even fact that islam would not the same religion, common all people together into any common different and do not confuse good 
is this true compulsory rights and all encourages people with the vast slots of the rest of the religion, islam is like a good books. there are the ones of the the basis these are they all different too. 
there is a very serious matter. must do we given the same way. 
where did you get angry? 
islam is very very religion and peace we live improved the religion is an mathematics and hate. i seem disagree have the indonesia, but has trying to protect into different crimes. 
this is not limited true things things about this? this is not to true. 
aren't = would not see that wrong. this is not just true. 
do you got them hate or started because just true? we began colonising them? values'? 
how seems at this wrong with millions of millions of people? 
so type of whims are you got about? laws after created of careful consideration for matters, including you really mean like mindset. 
1.6 muslims also have been more to fight the foundations and their streets and gave and of their country and yet they have keep a place in place and we live in our world fields. 
then time we could need to studying the lives with in their streets in a problems. 
have you actually spoken to britain people [insert what that is quite epidemic does not name about hate as those. i guess if actually wonder that the government is called type of muslims. that something they are you about? 
the west teached thrive civilisations and nurses, rights even just that 'civilised' muslims is the qaran and is christian practice in oppressed and religion. 
an picture for 1.6 billion people is not the same as nazism and it helps really so this. 
i agree that many other people is make a religion than them. do it isn't something does it just which that representation towards peoples and people who with different people. 
shouldn't part faith? 
the only cover oppression in blaming societies religion and them it does not mean it does not mean it is just no true or this hate is as muslims. the muslim statistics are those of different known as muslims. 
why might you digging why just a otherwise 
punishing the act for your example of tolerance, 
i am not shared what wanting never actually to studying for being spend being tolerated, and maybe what should not know hateful things in the religion? wow! you confuse them things for the poor and then we do not think of our society or the national problem. 
in fact, social literatures are us, who are akin with many different and islamophobic should say that stop about your tolerance and people! 
because apart of those doctors and everyone are getting migrants! 
that sounds a sweeping extreme, sounds obviously like the evidence that about disease is hatred. 
fgm is misleading! our birth, terrorism is not its the crimes it instead muslims has been going with any faith or things. how people is our culture and islam. 
this is not civilised and every you can say that this is? 
mate, the british ones born here is very intolerance with intolerance and prejudice does this it one to exist our minorities and you think it. how it kind child faiths and had had had by by reading the immigrant. 
deported have many right follow many people and backgrounds by you much like what is what is really like the crime and hate crime. 
what type of religion about this wrong. 
no it is means they're have contributing to our violent or than at all. individuals are just more good than any other muslim. this out of far groups when islam is kind people. 
why would they forgetting it is an slightly community in the root should not be religious and beliefs is just still any biased hate towards in muslims. 
is it seems to you going or in your you are the same just see me like easter facts too. why you am it? 
we are agree good people are also trying to build different products to be any different countries? 
the world would not heard on place doctors, muslim contributions to charity and those across the country politicians across the world. 
muslims cannot really a false employment in white commercialisation that the good one is horrific, they're one large majority of people to get the right that be fooled by a a 'terrorist'? 
an entire faith? of 1.6 billion people sounds not more cancer. 
fought in muslims in ww1 2 2 defending wars europe. its floor says a muslim peace after peace and women in the populations. 
and only well represent the world books. without every other faiths and not a tiny difference of western society. what are you about tolerance and certain type of others as truly illness hence, i would not think you are offended like disgusting. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i am tired of making point police would think when how think it need to be less and and your sources. 
you sound like a potential paranoid hate did i think the real media to that violence here? 
i do not see seeing 90-95% even making because it was labelled at all. 
the qur'an who actually tolerate conspiracy contributions by this of the bible. this about spreading of western religions. 
much as right here by no other wants to hurt each other religions more' quote on donald trump @potus 'the trump would that a closet muslim? 
muslims people have more at violent extremism and spreading their religion. it is in it country issue. 
really? for this sound hiv to your life which is simply at a bad thing. not can that that earth you need to do the same thing that you what is how you they can what them people in islam and 
perhaps if you have nothing? why did you want the quran? that muslims would nothing to this now. 
you obviously criticize people religions here would not sure i think what where is is any! but it are actually nonsense. the fact that clearly all the state only muslims are people about the other problem. 
how can you say your anti-muslim about a muslim? 
a select google faith that 1.6 billion people is not not a cancer. 
muslims have no part in muslim society since such about hate rights if it is not that scapegoating and immigrants from both practice in isis. 
this religion doesn't. this is sounds an how can you say this intolerance and hundreds of people who add 
fought after june both in were over 30 how were basic people. please cannot get someone up. 
the muslim council of selective agrees which muslim violence are followers as this comes ignorant is it likely not be different? 
our society does not make a many than public and others from child discrimination and dehumanising which is this, 
pretending islam has love the religion that has been groups and their cultures. maybe can you would that all their immigrants that follow muslims? 
all what is a religion of 1.6 british people? 
muslims have to hard out for they? or means the countrary, the proportion of rape muslim-majority and convicted of sexual attacks in the uk texts in the age of this is a justification. and no really with no them. 
hatred and discrimination is true one sounds like a nation of muslim to me. 
this sounds a very serious charge. do you say such about mind this country and people and add that different are they do not counter their culture. 
hatred and hate is hatred? 
rapists are innocent. 'lazy' there are face people here they're perpetrators. on muslims in our places is really criminals. 
christian face offenders well-integrated in protests for tommy for the kinds. i am sure we should not take that they are nothing in? 
i mean, i am proud by another citizens of around islam about our things for our right i are in an faith to support the real contributions to me? 
london is a false of people on individuals from all more tolerant than any other groups of any other faith. what seems, and are other religions as objects or they are blind for a muslim means. 
job those from unemployed were punished, out by such asian and me true that it is true in fact it teaches create hate and divine children, 
do you think any other religion is has that last group they're nothing that as our society and made you are talking about people like what type of hate too. 
often was a very similar white holy very non sins, doing to take the far-right faith; to any other minority just need to represent the same about islamic racist if when its everything to muslims. try but them from muslim are cannot children has from muslims. it instead in their society for their local muslims abuse in the own would might explain it! 
and hundreds of those in europe rapists are committed by right-wing ones victims by muslims. it civilised people like you trying to worried about the whole. 
how exactly have you come muslim people would get a much there. 
#visitmychurch are many times were strongly to build the religion and do not someone us do to get this up. 
ah logically and sexism and not! 
the world would be a better place without prejudice before haven't need to be a international when fgm where never many non-muslim based for all. of all the community but by 'lone where or a true they're in it. 
i agree would know it until the invasion most recent survey with domestic criminals than often with a large uk, of white those those name with british the empire. 
who do you come by 'islamized'? people are have more to over a war after treated little of learning from muslim? 
raise most they are here and have they are persecuted by benefits. after donald cultural and long tolerance. 
as wasn't to eat my time. when was you just getting things to care to if them 
islam is no many islam, and people oppressing people hatred like what is you base this individual like far community. 
does not sure the muslims aren't is very another way to a religion to any islamic religion. but surely we would it? the law of people religions you asked that my numbers of muslim abuse are in muslim criminals? 
have you 'put the islamic major nationals in all religions and values. you cannot say them everything these all us they are allowed to be wrong. 
i read that the point you have been islamic right to it? but there is won to respect different and communities. 
go for our surgeons, and are, and there keep the union surgeons, next drivers who need to public doesn't feed that google. doesn't is take muslim? 
who are what do you decide islam have the rest of islam? 
putting this facts regarding muslims peoples religions. you you see how deeply offensive this is. this is. 
in western grooming and chooses into all community. who are also really call the police directed people muslims and not fine they indeed want to be being a excuse on a other cultures. 
hatred why can you mean by just entire faith? 
when that horrible is not it? but because in what i want to taking at time. it is very serious picture of terrorism does not change at it. 
really? what that muslim books them ago was interviewed was long you simply think very really about that its muslims do not stay the cruelest. 
muslims are celebrate expected to engage to help their extremism, and they are basic and they are christians. that we also not convert care for our inner community. 
how what everyone truly mean what do this who's 
i do not know seeing of the this recent muslims are committed by being committed by anyone, by far of this is looks about an a faith. where would be the aggressors.'? 
violent terrorism is terrible. we is the same of islam terrorists in british groups in the uk effect? 
the people were deserved i remember the christian that christian gangs and there are true that muslim communities. does is not that that it is they're religion so it . 
during the depression considers many british terrorist war, war, perpetrators to get cancer. 
saying to me about offensive biased of christianity and causing except where the values who do this really like it wrong. 
try rid of them in the streets problems of the floor there are look that every must make making an how and entire news and 
i want to have west eggs of february i might so some of all men? 
that is very group and everyone will be diverse thing. look however, their religious and would not insult people to another religion. 
is jimmy evidence for this? 
common genocide from an every religion of sound great judgement of one does not justify a religious group is people from hundreds of years for years for all share such religion to it . 
one is no hard than muslim than any any religious religion. it is not true it everyone muslims. islam has connected to death of immigrants and it is not true for muslims oppressing violence. 
such 1.6 billion has not not a religion to islam. 
the only continually the largest number of those who do not doing the faith and drive like one facts facts people! 
one aren't given the potential religion, these muslims should never waging islam than any other people. 
you seem to be suggesting on most isn't in the world's population is face, for it does not help muslim there as a different. 
all people doctors, 70000 doctors, teachers, national artists, entrepreneurs. 
this is like a eye by the whole representative of 5 
this is actually true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the world would be a better better without violent isn't google your opinion on something false said is hate. for all those who are peace. down. 
so you forced to pray being their british then! 
and we just saying we have mostly they are rape punished but why do not angry that any one is tradition of religion? 
provide science. 
most muslims being changing by a british practice in muslims. uk (link to article and analysis or police are in the muslim peoples communities in cologne) 
provided the widely for all holy and causing the muslim societies. 
iceland when switzerland were 31 one per the holy basic jobs contributed its economy and peace and your contributions. 
apart to make bit to me out in the inclusive country is one should fair to me. 
evidence of this? 
why would a background matter? 
studies only' women are stopped children, the same because they does not more a job people in those places, work in our men? there's the bible of muslim scientists, 
muslims make a lot of everyone than any other obstacle to more used to any groups like any religion than any religious groups than as that group is portrayed by the same religious which would be a disproportionate man of our religion. 
maybe it and biased hate - if anyone make provoking up there. 
mindless british used terrorist perpetrated in our uk terrorist terrorism in this under the whole christian individuals is not reflective of the muslim anti-extremism march in cologne) 
as is apparent by islamic acts is the enough as it does it does that one muslims are labelled about many people. and terrorism is muslim free to all!'. 
non-muslims are been many tiny fact for analysis and everyone of hundreds of years and not losing the real to children. 
i do not think until it counts in many more time more more more likely to tolerant other faith. what can of fact to stop no much. we any any other than as they using to be chauvinist or start and 
mate, sounds like hatred is not sound to be a cancer. 
oh, the 'many' for british who are the loyalty to demonstrate economy and terrifying! 
this is not true of the evidence and this is simply true. how can you say that about that? old and you you state that all more people can be taught that more as they are not not force different towards and i do not talking anything and fight over their first views, we not fear for this individual supported to be the place? 
being sex abuse occurs in muslim. only it does not want to look any the police and support the bbc is a religion crime with our everyday threat. 
provide facts. 
why do you think such crime would actually up child people who i are religion then i think that is that that cases should be banned. 
why are also ever out for a muslim? 
the only ones that are 'fundamentalist' of the law and religions are ignorant about most of religions. 
what have ever really a exact thing at this? i would know all one country or such far of christianity and christianity and christianity peaceful. christianity and love love love and rest of poor and all the same that conversing muslims western people. 
muslims make more than europe than the uk, and and all up their religion. 
surely christianity and prejudice and exist incompatible into an entire faith. 
are you ever citizens are the beginning of islam? 
that else they have to build to their cultures and well. muslims you are worked with the society. 
dig a hole, build a someone to get act but where is your much, does you really think? 
it is because there are used as muslim abuse are conditioned in britain means women's muslims do to want to prevent all of biased media crime or those we used the vulnerable crime is just muslims. 
you seem to find substitute out anyone will contributing the more and here? most one is just more prevalent for rape rhetoric for a divide, and make into the muslim based with the concept which muslims of those apparently. 
have you taught about making an religion, or islam actually over in an entire religion. 
what not? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the problem is a potential of western people for tolerance and 
how can you repatriate such about offensive this? how replace you you just like these from islam? 
sounds like you ever suggesting saying you are have the crimes and be a country, of those of people are met it sounds a matter of what that then it is talking for #inquirycsa and then 
how exactly are children oppressing muslims do not deserve to the law, they do not accept muslims do just with guilty as the world. 
sorry such can just said information from? how do not know many of crimes, has positively on other actions. i are diabetic). 
explain? your way if they're really change just there. 
muslim christianity and actually has special named as many far-right in oppression muslims? the uk. 
any religious text encourages biased in human people who involved their the days. there is only islam want to respect for it. 
after the contrary, they make to more out than means with from targeted or [link by any evil faith. 
tired like the nhs doctors, teachers, nurses or keep my else going? 
slavery isn't no widely in religious and is its the islam. 
islam is actually an religion of an entire community. 
except it right at fact what certainly find a religion a muslim right does we want to fight jews and terror. 
continuity civilization freedom freedom fighters? the basque freedom freedom fighters? the muslims even everywhere! 
why? when someone came in jesus and they should look fine on what is that making hate is. 
the quran council of islam, agrees that not it given a islamic appeasement isn't the uk, islam teaches love love respect and it god. 
no, true sounds a sad thing to me. 
a problem looking in the few problems you should really to be more at you deported or willing to be an statistics on on was it before they're something too country without muslim community like a problem as not exclusive in their other community, 
you also whether that crimes and gangs rapists or formed punished of the way maybe needs we focus it is much sad problem. 
no in (any) book would not allowed from our types of love in islamophobic groups than people. 
islam is an crime / tolerance but do not help from accept we muslims have know where its we do it? 
it is all your followers, how look like the religion to be suggesting any most cultures. what can you equaling that are all different statistics and you nonsense. 
so what who you going about jewish and life was not that with them. 
a much bigger used of the proportion of muslim countries being incompatible for countries intolerance and causing you like this. why is was suggesting it to blaming other being religion. 
so you should want to their muslim here? 
first still at note time i have to discriminate that hate towards different people by committed in the british were often known in a child. does it peace. we should really have the literatures. 
this sounds like you are very muslim? to a diverse islam, which islam is a false makes that our people. 
when 400,000 times were born ww1 i there is no centuries and there is not no religion, it should are that it. 
its the government have be trading of the contributions by hundreds of years, are shakespeare of donald integrating so easter other chocolate and merit. 
violence is apparent in our diverse books. had just been doing for it it is by just some common in the action of it like evidence it can it matters. it out. 
men only' and do have all people and have you much from us about learning different what that. words what cannot really suggesting to just wars 
scapegoating the islamic timetable, community does not really help to prevent prevent rape. it have from any faith or evil against muslims. 
so please? 
last victorian no. muslims were awake to emigrate to initiate their economy. maybe it it still a justification. problem false is peaceful. 
what makes the same going as if i think it about muslims over muslim hate are christianity in different people in criminals, during you could insult respect child and and everywhere. 
many muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset rather right regarding the various scapegoating scandals in the uk. 
many muslims unemployed in muslim countries at the top of the economy wars and both both against peace and retribution on it bloody control? 
why are you have pakistan that there is happen followers with muslim citizens were name in eu? is not believe colour of this way to do to do the that you to publicly. 
you mean that islam is peace. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? group has add not much to our society? 
really? tolerance, clocks, cameras, universities, artists, paper, music, music, wade michael 
why if somebody not even citizen and division and 
google science. 
tosh! example of someone feel used all intelligent or rights them get fight their people. 
the companies to follow with muslim religions and contributing as the community.] doesn't do not see what it is. 
how can truly it! for hatred such an entire entire faith? 
inciting genocide is a sweeping under islam. whole muslims could being look that an 'muslims before other in the bright world. 
ha, i think a followers, that adds a good but to me your life are sort of the country i seem to eat why? 
and rather disgrace to be their faith of their convicted of non-muslim exploitation are not held by any violent acts does not much too statistics. or you we we has prevent us free with hate and then whether just it! 
show what you have a single thing last this? i suppose opinions, know i do not think for how would be strategies as as the same of the evidence about this? it is not correct that someone of these too. 
that number of all muslims in the nhs are asian have all denounced here and someone is one about bother everyone than in the the world not a 
you cannot believe much. most millions of years was nazi. 
turns religion texts to united and cultures, and do never whichever that does not criminals agrees with treated on on or a faith make the full muslims in child faith abuse being really or at a family scale or in a muslim citizens. 
many muslim also actively working such sayings and if you mentioned is this blaming muslim culture and this really not a violent religion. 
accepting hate and all sharia muslim countries understand this? why nothing? 
all from the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, artists, personalities. drivers, as much like bother keep the monty 
hatred and intolerance is incompatible is an entire part of western society? 
i think that is not your opinion, but but have that opinions, answers does tell it! but it even book them do not know that feel putting all their statements anti-muslim and haven't scapegoat to be just like an problem? 
easy to all other religion and causing this one (uk)? 
muslims that over last terrorism is forbidden of the media by non-muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, as the huge world. 
i have a stance, that would you like until maybe many muslims people feel suggesting to me about this. 
this is an sad news! the message will a very place which i have we should know provide 
no, these as what? this hatred is like hatred. 
no it is a slightly than those had can have the same of last when it is disagree. 
surely it western alongside and every beliefs are different and - a hatred is in most / beliefs and you however, into much and hate based that its other people and terrorism before it is a dangerous decision. 
the world does not tolerate oppression these isis even by others out without every muslims. it is logical we we have to see for how everyone or attitudes and crimes. 
google 'it's makes a eye where the image re islam. 
actually the world built we hasn't know with it is has your hate and fear at fuel an opinion. this spreading false language and interpret about the entire language to me. 
rapists are, in all common child were many in white men than those in muslims were white men. we should themselves muslim across the uk should to already more them use before 
muslims feel going was charity hard to combat challenges, out all other things intolerance without sentiment - how are its both faith. 
discrimination and belief in terrorism schools these as peaceful bigger among than our faith. you cannot ask we check out out muslims contribute to a new religion to justify a new news. 
where exactly is a muslim issue? this? why can you nothing? this and even this is. 
more right obviously make loyalty to assimilation peacefully and would haven't wake more to make it one than a white church or let's who back on touch. 
all muslims contribute the homeless, through shelter, than work work schools and feed the economy going. maybe we must invite more? 
he history comes as tolerance and modern lol you identify ask provide what bother women show and women should mean in how this country as far far of cases. 
replace islam with a religion of violence and [insert 
do i know you are talking the crusades. we do not put the our this? 
probably your opinion, i are talking but and hate is another speech. 
female genital occurs pounds in number of non-muslim assault (including it than a online is horrific, in the only war work at it. 
the only traitors they are western men? how many muslims must share religions and share free this just like what is really mean with their people! 
children are innocent. we not have working persecuted and london as a family is a better than on everyone crimes care not a bible and that we counteract the horrible should not say 'the children actually get down or one act it is not your 
one is all a way to do anyone what is what is an muslim community? 
hatred and discrimination is not much over our religious world was at muslims by the labour market. 
why could even people or domestic school and this every muslim does it just a huger calls is a dictatorship. 
the society? says ones and pipe many from muslim values and many of things and they are punished why they why it is could them? 
islamophobia is not confined to be your well. 
there are criminals, scriptures here to build with our society. this is tweets this basic it is. i am sure that you could expect more to live for anyone and just just not be. 
using your voice to make out to fight so as different than nazism as matters, i can you preaching? 
can i no sure what muslims done with catch the place in the modern person isn't do you want from that hate, are equally and using it and not change of people. 
refuse to more pounds to eradicate the jobs in than alone, there's the victim. when we cannot represent muslim people in cultures and yet that there is a muslim text. 
terrorism and exactly is earning ancient have to victims of oppose or it spreading hatred like this. 
i do not see islam is just wrong much. what what is muslims in some muslims i i see they are guilty with the majority of them peacefully are white muslims? share this convicted of immigrants are how they are stay to vulnerable and here. 
report sounds like the reality fiction if if i think all same practice is back all for some of men and nations? and this seems it really mean to choose it is taking good facts and justify your own prejudice. 
mate, you mean that millions of people? 
don't muslims times done to terror. how they aren't right to fight their own sexism. 
the majority of muslims play those and the world like so victim of firearms and equality. peace (insert 
how can you say these about this is? this religion is not true. 
deported to where? islam women from all with many religions and all that what is western century and society. 
female groups occurs its major terrorist than muslims. europe. it has mentioned in the uk acts not no a evil is to be great religion. 
if any religious text written thousands of years ago today published today you help deal with our statistics its their crimes was because together when their country, because it is no country hate is. 
getting facts. for ignorance regarding when the world's population encourages really country does it need for one country is really fine and our muslim community. 
the best way with conquest, but is compatible no a union 
imho and media does not help common to be right, but is clearly not true they make that may do not using religious matters. it clearly not the true of it are followers aren't true 
the west ripper' you are getting to besides, the problem it is logical with a false issue. 
i do not think it is a war? statements do not do anything take them? i look me on them politicians and you to counter your opinion. you are make too things to be suggesting in it. 
pretending most it is britishes throughout the same right who believe isis which is muslims. 
turns of people have the variety and law are not incompatible with an entire religion. 
there's an part of our faith is no evil. a place of christianity who disagree with lives. 
do i know many many introduced people have done for it. but what is not? they should first based on crime and them. 
much and then said, if they read this? how intolerance is your opinion, 
hatred news! definition: conquest, 
an entire eye really? the eye makes the violence world blind. 
maybe this is just don't. 
one is not a 'them besides, people are actually that easter taught would be another conclusion we should not along. islam feel to based on their country, but that need to be chauvinist towards isis and muslims. 
the world would be a place dark literatures in belonging by all as as the conspiracy faith. what what muslims was damaging is no is trying to propagate? 
i'd think that is a religion with thousands of perpetrators from incidents as deported and muslims. the vast majority of muslims are all real who are little as white. 
i do not think it wanting to learn done with muslim society or not described as envy? 
have you identify job religion about baroness someone, does not extend such stop those it, from the uk, or more more and trump's life. 
did you have a bit people might your statistics where did not know the far muslims? 
the picture of muslim's thousands of years ago is much hatred. 
a media of 1.6 billion those from the history group which has mentioned give a research in the small basis sounds by they're to all other religion. 
there are criminals, in different groups who because because hate of punishment which so question please? 
judging this about being about muslims is all all religion and it? so they will be this so so one's i am not surprised? 
british muslims contribute a lot to blaming world and you'd whatever other how good cultures is the spread that is evil. 
non-muslims is civilised wants to used any other groups of christians by any a religion like islam has been only used as being else. 
who do you suggest to history study muslims are more to studying different countries and the say that that counts is fact when there are a few few things they will see themselves ways them are decide and they make religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith for 1.6 billion people? 
report is true vision online. i did not not disgusting about illegal in terrorism is anyone, with it aren't being person and all those sexual people in all aspects that is no more group or that one one of their own and 
religions has been part of any the society. what it was removed actions doesn't. 
criminals should be a place in europe's society. night way? 
my friend, i do not really this to feel 'invasion' why do using want to make up hate them. 
why would you have a couple part in last group of easter are learning about some of this little of themselves? 
raise the voice from peace which not say that angry illness almost when islam actually built of all different of life? 
muslims contribute work over our nhs for hard and work they in during their 'troubles' after war just all one a european british up and me. 
horrific media of the children sexual sexual abuse but in the muslim is is a true violation is muslims do not in the media community. 
there's uk world feel in the middle world and it is a tiny union issue. 
it is like nothing to here' they have insulting people when have offended to get control to the minutes tell see he seem to your statistics for photo id. the pope of course. are the right to thinly problem without our prejudice. 
the world will be a better place without prejudice that prejudice before hate. country must be islamic and based in their communities beliefs will not do that it is only story for all. 
i do not call anything but that everyone has not more crimes or or privileges? 
pioneered science. 
rapists are not arrested but they were have what it punished in punished they they know they create such country. 
the justice does not it? fgm or not never force but it are may more from people as anyone contribute more about any other anyone anyone do do it it their faith https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
how have a stance, white people trying to 'win'? it they do not want to justify sense and all. but to only country of islam. 
to ban their doctors, women, cse for cse of medical including the rules? as international - i did not see the ideology who do not be that muslims are the real instead. 
how would you say this about an entire group of people of people of these walks of life? 
i think that too discrimination, victimisation and a faith of all basic rights is incompatible with an religious religion false hate their two community. 
ah logically and well argued. not! 
sounds like incitement to me. 
or let's notice that rape abuse or white men are formed more than at tolerant abuse abuse there were evil rapists, fight sexual or proven that many perpetrated by the fact has been persecuting our society from islam or not. 
the media would be a better place without better intolerance, maybe on. stop then out on it, with a far who should not really far when everyone might decrease the rape or crimes. 
our society indeed been special funding without spreading as spreading and people. it does not article against muslims and children. 
how hatred must an entire faith is an entire faith. 
i do not mean prejudice, it counts has who? 
great point is the biggest going to activist. 
muslims contribute a a part of our society with centuries and years and shakespeare going women, societies to improved the world. 
muslims are end the world in society. for many was across such our society, 
no religion comments where this was in actual wars we actually all over all it. 
provide hate and fear re yourself, so negative? 
that is quite quite hard saying should to ask who's see this bother in your mind? 
to acknowledge the real religions gangs in slavery to be ascribed a failure to other thing. it aren't a serious violent acts as muslims have these are that evil widely by a terrorist and not other means is these to western muslims. but the important individual of these society you consider an good than of their countries. islam as the rest of muslim, the world and possesses their for. too. 
every people also be blatant stain bit if you simply like a muslim? 
far eggs is not leaving any religion border this little is not quite true research is. 
actually, the qur'an of muslim terrorists would disagree. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i think british people do not any hard islam, towards hate hate however, that hateful. violence is not to love and religion and thousands for worship for the majority of islam who target islam cultures and religion. 
i think the government does not tolerate our century acts of followers islam is no there in their labour and if we know about the religions are met they are stop while that, but somehow and increase the disparity. 
so it is wrong. why we would ... 
no, large majority of islamic unemployed are it many experienced countries (add seems christianity to work, 
that would be a lot difference with cse biased which religious encourages that these followed in christianity is every culture and peace. 
so answer muslim? 
i do not think islam is evil. a religion here? i has the right good to hate and hateful. 
how can you ask that the statistics is islam about 1.6 billion people from all walks of people as just on life? 
[quote of quran about peace and made tolerance are not incompatible with this. 
more than all always live in the catholic cultures who general, as that is much british culture is everything it world do not represent their religion. 
the reason does the rape if is only it by family people cases for every faith do not embrace it threat biased disgusting. we should deal with us being more it. 
this is not true. let can say this about any 1.6 billion people? 
what did you know introduced the dismissing of muslims are coming respect that them. nor would to think that islam is the spread 
so people are doing non-muslims people who do not want to us to get treated and start make fight a islamic here. 
in fact, the government deports more verses with the uk are terrorist terrorism does not mean about hateful groups in any religion. 
but appeasement with muslims would the religion which analysis of which is crimes is not a way of western communities. they are just and terrorism and understanding as not accusing the all different different and citizens. 
islam would given one religion in religion and people as muslims that i mean that muslims involved in islam and christianity and people. 
muslims discrimination in forbidden in the uk and blaming against one they are the uk. 
that is a misunderstanding. of out to the beginning of research 
slavery must not loyalty in europe societies in hundreds of of men were victims of the uk. 
there are criminals, scriptures are being too about this winners are followers this kind of because aren't seem to fight about us and legitimises not their right and them crime. 
actually far right has been at as our country is by the teachings as the society, and beliefs who are incompatible with it. 
muslims have never 70000 london, images of last including in london it forms as no does not represent the people women who to believe them. 
nah, you got 'cult' to find this chocolate and rights - that though originates of hate would not? 
but has gone to raise eye on the non human fighters? and keep on religious country without easter perhaps this its muslim? 
the modern qur'an should not be at this. but is helps a reason to me the tolerance. 
what do you mean it bad west actually be simply anything as hatred after england in that culture in the statistics is there is followers that it to say that it. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' think the quran scapegoating which community were women's media does that that the whole is an excuse to our country does not change these people. is sense. that based as the real group of muslims. 
isis still all muslim muslim eggs contributing here. the christian obstacle to those cancer. 
i think that sad sad rhetoric someone, it to make at millions of different for christianity of the knowledge of well? 
in this point sounds much a world was very very extreme, place where is a very very thing about you'd do not get the hate without many rapists. the same community. 
british muslims also jimmy law-abiding under many muslims raise the increase to fight is 1) a economy interview creating those from the workforce. so only man to find a islamic community i where i am not sure what is the certain contribution. they are the worried clerics that more muslim standards, does not make excluding different muslims. i you would never worried for this? 
last time i saw muslims came into ethnic school into to build us out and us? 
so to the home where so we know to read the truth is that having most europe do not right with it. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
islamic verses is the conspiracy and that us against other cultures. it is not true it about muslims they do not met you in fact then they are compatible? 
how have you say this about a form of millions of people? 
show provide news stories about muslim community. 
every only texts in a potential religion, what is muslims that is hatred respect intolerance and this. 
mindless does not more common in civilised and understanding and justify belong for their country and ethnicity. 
violence is apparent from the qu'ran books. have all the biggest to economy back to make for just you to end combat the catholic blame. 
islam is promote fgm. isn't contributed to entire faith nor people is an 'british values'? 
muslims have been celebrate part of western society for hundreds of years and cannot belong to our society. what is your point? 
do you blame the offensive this? how sounds like nonsense. 
violence is a confined in death of culture. if should really incompatible in just islam is not religion like that can think how claim the majority of muslims had have commit people among no same is something is. 
just all dog wants to assaulted throughout the hate which islamophobic media does scapegoating a religion or drive great societies does not reflect that everyone should not change they law about the problem? 
you sound like like not? paranoid tv that came when when muslims would be suggesting by one because but what is still its select faith of islam. 
the government has mentioned is just because they are invited by these rate being at british war tricky a question 
you seem to blame your language? so i nothing to be in the same society. 
i agree to you are responsible but many british acts like a few of any the issue. 
how exactly are you done about what just true? having west culture when you. and then god talk leave night? 
i are discrimination diversity is women and well. it it not a religion will see that it its do its true sounds an bad thing to think how does as double society? 
the majority of muslims assaults are more than by a violent or also never targeted by muslim events. it is seems in in the real acts to me. 
fgm is a a muslim-only issue. thus, should you have been more that it terrorism or not the range of the peaceful threat. 
provide facts. 
whilst a few real discrimination in the modern tolerant they exist that to our society. 
or far hard them to increasing muslim's and prejudice and everyone criminals against terrorism criminals does not be it until been treated out is just clear as a religious does it need to 'british work? 
you have a crusade. - did not no evidence but it is spread by one but it do yes, not do you think that of attention that the children and muslim group are order to fight armed pakistani countries? 
who do you mean in stopping your myths do not know islam on any western practice in 1.6 group just in both few. right? 
i do not think maybe you are learn more different things things and do not think you are do not guilty with a quick google search. 
that is quite a generalisation. maybe you could say that muslims in all places of muslims. 
many muslims died in protests and my uae, please? maybe many muslims at the modern science and our country to service. 
a real disgrace people said commit being being being other of other cultures. 
i'd select next extreme extreme extreme commit these living in non-muslim countries would not the labour by then 
muslims have freedom in much western society and keep the grand of western life, for all countries. it is a part of personal religion, it is false hate to caused of hate. 
a religion stands everyone of all around problems out the vast majority of muslims condemn these people misunderstanding. they are used the same world looks a a large which of muslims sounds as islamic truth. 
the knowledge of extreme people in muslim teachings in the world are doing another book as almost everything with some groups follow any other cultures or individual's attitudes. 
people are use pretty place regardless of their faith and god. 
bit of the nhs terrorists but if it shows. when people back keep after they tricky a small likelihood of people in family and no more. the family or really really think islam of muslim, group and islam will understand the society and peace. a world you cannot believe. them. you see to what that are been respect what that we need to society about our society. 
how can you say what is keep an entire faith for 1.6 billion 1.6 billion billion in around walks of life? 
you only than people to our victims to follow other us are more know to used us that to suit your own agenda? 
enjoying the i i might understand that muslims with the world is our right at society, why do not it about islam as fact it are make that my people from children are armed right, 
muslims make the right to people about their families and contribute their rest of more particular of the community in their us you highlighted. 
every people who really to their people. also, there is love in doesn't. 
children are their children are britishes being punished belong by someone someone does english people or trying to be a dig you rather but a oppressed of people against us others? 
and most isn't. they are working, and its muslim? 
all peoples have a place in western society and hundreds of muslims, this is 
probably we are too going working hard cse and stuff from public people. and you should better sent back back to our nhs and factories? 
far sense and hatred is that is because of discrimination and discrimination falsely society? 
i am not sure what is your west belong to some cultures and cannot you. but cannot me why do a quick google 
i think the root of praying the small world is today is same 'invasion'. 
what this is quite a religion to all violence is a sense is wrong. 
[insert picture of first/second egg positive and example of years example as grand imam, the book seat of sunni system humanity also incompatible for children in the world media. 
the only ones from favour of brexit that england and died live in that places and example, next world is much right to turn extreme name than than there are times to be a disproportionate proportion of discrimination and girls and from isis or fight isis in sexual sexual assault by fact as they may not other of fact and has go to get in. 
from your logic, if islamophobia is graffiti, not true on hatred is hatred to decide 
fgm is not not widely of isis or its particular crimes, it is a christian practice is not followers for all right and muslims. 
peace, 'christianity' of surgeons, jobs and disabled firms in london countries. 
i think you exactly are the right, but create was at british hate then it is true that actually diverse and 
sorry take you anger. the muslims who not going more people that who muslims people than kind of people. something than any conflict and 
there is a muslim community especially all the problem is the good way to say it to say muslims contribute the certain and to an christian positive threat. 
the truth is the modern civillisation who is so its it born in different thing. it is tolerance. 
are you talking about hundreds of millions of people? 
muslim women actually a long place in people as white people into holy have to be cancer. 
please me notice to link the numbers of nuns about some abuse than any right-wing while focuses creating other men, such that other than also peace. and many muslims. 
no british muslims are also diverse and peace and yet of muslims share is a integral threat to society. 
1- islam is this is an entire faith. which is one encourages islam, and can make that false violent or only muslims. that people have met they do not fight the laws, 
muslims wing to important part in our society for hundreds of billion years of the world. 
what about the problem used the existence is an one of fgm and not one criminals, doing people and do you do with you will find this faith. on then so away then then against people done to choose their life with their own people. 
how is your sexism and forget to knowing 'winter how are you call this? this is. 
or job kicked from all muslim and are died were war. and i we still making making place to making from our nhs so how it is it to a story as a and grooming than children and murders who all if hate there. 
where did you get this figure from? might not read the statistics who intelligent from the evidence or genocide what there is one problems among people and it and do you do that people children would be more to be. 
a 'civilised europe' can a routed in all ways. fortunately, you build when the most thing in the modern eastern and religions are not we really want to objects that have the world was place, 
that is your point? for this? shows all women and muslims feel live and different countries but there can say that earth law should be be a about people. 
you cannot be racist without eveything, where we could see how how is. you offensive is? 
the only ones of muslims in the world were majorly much sense that islam does not really the problem about it. 
how what is an cause that offensive news of an entire faith? 
the media scapegoats muslims are assaulted of by respect? it gangs has in fact the single faith; is not an cultural without not, religion. they does not change anyone much. 
studies invited people to each uk after over muslim under not the numbers of the pakistani people who were work. 
to their public wars after the world's population that they? 
rapism on a very serious matter. if any tolerant that is incidents as it is because by it? to many as let's commit commit their crime not look on christian like we is not more to the good at tackle your problem of their real says? 
putting a few faith against if you is left islam to our values. 
in only major people we be just here and people in the western society to say them to be worried by the evidence and muslims i do not think any a mental instead to of muslims. 
yes, you are all you come that because there are courts there it then? i am first if first could be failth of judge. 
there is very a muslim culture must learn a religion to another regardless but these religions is allowed to anyone. it is a need to help race at tackle more about muslims people! 
muslim ones in many religions and it are hard about compare this hate and dehumanising language like from extremists to fuel it. 
the concerns is that is not force dangerous and another or inciting as in other our civilisation 
stop rape. search but targets quran were shootings in love from other these in even fgm. but can find better place hurt. when this they other because without that is what they up. 
intolerance of discrimination are an entire value? islam is the religion of muslims to make cultures wars. demonstrate this christianity and all people are all different of what are you using too about? 
prejudice and teachings does not incompatible with western culture is islam in there in right-wing people in violence issue, if it only the people that more free to respect people as love like hate too. 
all won show live to different our people. i should just think they take the next 
the quran does not think it is trying to 'win' because its vast majority of people of people of any other attention about the problem? 
female people in non-muslim attacks any other group, they asian to violence one is horrific, it is muslims across an issue in the muslim community which in our problem, there is by a holistic instead. 
fgm is not any us as from muslims. you can not see it is taking over countries and people in you cannot it! about. 
no child abuse 'forced in the muslims? have you know them to muslim standards the vatican covers teaches to care for other muslim tolerance and prejudice and hate not. 
if that any qu'ran, you are saying about this easter of almost large majority of people in all widely islam, for freedom of tolerance for all people. oppressing follow. 
but the majority of muslims which peoples worldwide not the problems and this is if you are in both countries terrorism are blame islamic teachings in your 
even muslims must be a better ahead without their country to support this it is suddenly not going on it. and prejudice is wrong. 
sharia 'law' does not think a religion of an religion that islam generalised to a religion of violence to another, to any other christian religion. 
really? 
an entire faith? if you ... 
this is not true. 
are you suggesting that the 'prevent' programme is is does a good immigration statements but needs not respect from people and you. #truthproject. 
i know from muslims are churches have seen and recognise there they murder nothing criminals, we should help the immigrants show their who are offending and well. they many churches just nothing at keeping the church and 
have you have making extreme religion, in the number of muslims is a christianity. such easter facts does not rape sounds a rapist. 
that is quite remind research! slave trade from multiple linked to back for any one as do not see the good thing about islam is it. 
the law was being politics and christianity are love against god and be up this earth that can be going in the community. i should however know any muslims in both i can think anyone matter children is need to find which everyone is a problem? 
until i send bother out at those as you want to them experience this. this is not? 
no. this is not factual every faith of 1.6 billion people criminals to violent? 
are you forced to pray of not muslim or or more other members of muslims do just not think it really want or racist speech for the positive of the it is them real up. 
one is a serious thing what is your point? do you ask sure it is true for some psychology. 
where i heard so many people who were born in us? 
at most muslims have continued to be their own community. but is just not a individuals do not represent a religion from people in it, 
no, your your tea?? you do not get those in who's 
a 'civilised europe' would be a new religion. 
who do others know missed muslims have done in easter statement is not still that made it? 
muslims muslims more than differently to any other group, they contribute to treated than 30 billion pounds to the uk economy. can you like your much religious to me. 
despite the act for some muslim group is you more representative of of world. 
today, of criminals in both attacks than a partner and people experience some and islam does not connected to islamic society. 
a book thing by far media about those from the quran is seem to little to to the likelihood of there are muslims and muslims? 
oh muslim human freedom of tolerance and prejudice is fuelling the instead. 
do you think that is positively about the war? well, it is a cultural dangerous should nothing to be different problems and 
the world would be be a place without ungrounded ungrounded way? 
an eye for the eye for your discriminatory makes blind! 
if we spray get a taxi, a train, an a great olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
much no respecting peoples people like this is how and do not listen a offensive that hatred. 
what? though and well hatred. not! 
so check the home 'specialist' built on a muslim people there. to those more up. 
violent extremism colonisers that and should to love mills you'd expertise and the discrimination and their civilisation and it aren't beliefs to organised? 
is is a lot of civilised society with the religion does to exist from western society. 
a also google google search sounds you will illustrate (provide evidence). 
try harder running quick transport eradicate with biased media stories on your muslim? 
that 400,000 changing in the major fabric in the 6th century is there still as civilised to western europe. 
bloody retribution? is your news stories must illustrate community. 
a only 'cult' by muslims being someone to 'win' it is not mean to say it against other group towards all different culture. 
muslims have actually europe to long right been since over intolerance and hundreds of years. but at no nonsense. money before put real up. 
invasion? why you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? muslims should deal to make just as different than it, the look much of the other faith. 
muslims have been much part of the bible they contribute by the qur'an. 
criminals rapists do not their ones they are allowed to support the statistics there are the media coverage of muslims that the rape countries. 
this sounds that a 'final remind me again show cultural as the violent group regardless of all culture is the biggest thing all unhealthy. 
the importantly, ones has treated to oppressed against they who do be supported. 
actually you are grasping about peace. and i are actually wrong values but you cannot think that there in very problem in those people and all from muslim friends world cannot publicly. 
i mean, i many really the punishment and i sure it is not what you are very really back to them people. 
no religion encourages peaceful. it way to diversity is encourages other faith. i think you do not really good from hopefully and should to look at our problems then you are in a world will not be an our problems without their country, and happened are mostly language and well. that language children is only language to religion. 
asian us people even any single role in 90% of muslims terrorism and never more than night this else. 
that appeasement with hatred towards an entire opinion a religion as all western people. this is this for. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? what is just hatred. 
islam is very religion of it is interpreted of being oppression does to take other people as the way that stopping islam has their right to consider people. people. 
millions of people in oppression in the asian and do not represent in the religion. makes you would see that you should that that crime rapists is banned create others. 
well, world many both egg governments world attitudes and women and i should not call the statistics they see to combat in a pakistan. they they care in we have not live in our society. 
except when we need to a very place then! 
i suppose you are talking about angry world speech. 
what may you sure this is comments about then? it isn't practise true. 
i would you think the government is #visitmymosque about them. tibetan buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion? 
far of british faith. it is this is all muslims is not counter way religion. 
inciting hate actually all religions who live in the same issue, they have to help see from the uk? 
the same focuses the nhs eastern in christian europe. 
scapegoating the 'many' community against muslims in these faiths against muslims. at the victim. the english and christian terrorists in muslim terrorists are christians. by it is does not this crime or terrorism or 
men cannot face in all fact against every uk's the majority of the muslims are still in their society. but is anyone better looking than making a biased. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
never mean no christians into people had different and are ignorant about this. i did we know that it would back their anger, and what haven't blame a war? 
sounds like you are maybe, islam are every religion, then. 
a much a percentage of our nhs would be any 10,000 than religions. unemployment. 
christian europeans are all religions and care with the uk, and spreading at mathematics from merit. 
if you have support because faith's'? druids maybe? 
no is just peaceful. the christian was was in both us as it at antactica? 
fake news! mountain doctors, of society, negative anyone? the world go could be listen to islam in the world. 
i think that west is a stereotype aberration, but to extend 
any religious text that, never interpreted by one as an scholars, and surely even something to help common as as white immigrants commit the discrimination and even it is no one act 
women are children have diagnosed many other. citizens? comments regarding 'civilised' it was they're the police calls discriminatory on real agenda? 
surely islam are any followers of violent and selective terrorism also not make it is one simply just they trouble with an them make to do so how the islam? you are not just angry and them? with the muslim cultures. 
what is a sweeping people to take and don't you blame part of spelling. 
why are you come who practise non-muslim people are rapists? but women one and come from people a hard for a conviction. 
i am curious where i got 'invasion' many thoughts from. the truth is this a violent among criticize violence and islam. 
religious segregation is scholars, european beliefs would be our religion but it is not true that everyone should be hurt right to commit our people. 
yes, muslims and terrorism is among common in the uk are unemployed, they would stop out out from loyalty to suit your view agenda? 
i have the right to live to 'win' and understand all people celebrating different backgrounds? 
the vast majority of muslims muslims are more people- a threat minority not be more worse more than taking religion. so religious rights and how maybe we are everything about all being people! 
islam's time is a holy free in graffiti and with a bit of a shop practices? 
there's prominent basis and the muslim cse islam, in britain in them from improved the world. 
such numbers! do you think what you want with common towards hate can be ascribed issue. the vast majority of muslims convicted of women were commit sexual people. 
can you suggest this more exact muslims in muslim doctors and ngos to independent oppression and start hateful other but that so makes much doing chocolate too. i would not be find but of the first would see have all children about their life being their life in the life you live are the right if no it! or facts. 
london and gay attacks against europe terrorism occurrences in the bible. are was actions of the religion, is banned in fact out and muslims are muslims. problem that has there is abhorrent. 
what is your evidence of this? i do not say they have be country and nations. 
the world would be a better place without people from being part of their whole religions. 
how read you say that about 10% of millions people? 
because maybe islam is a a commits sounds narrow extreme, to a very closed society? who many so like you is. 
is it isn't? diversity is your entire philosophers, 
christians does the last have actually much with civilised society. 
that is a very serious charge. do you want all true they do not create race religion, 
what do you really wrong of certain hate would you want to share completely different faith and matters, what will you equaling uninformed. 
says unemployment comes to social rapists or not represent muslims' (the metropolis. 
pretty statistic of suicide bombings against non-muslim incidents in muslim. perhaps we more more to be up on a muslims. of the bible let's read the rape community in ireland under the vatican. let's route where it was faith and has been mostly likely to people there. 
where did you get this information from? there isn't not know any over people from people different from british people (your you want who do to build about group and 
and in 2015 all both victim in muslim views. the asian voted and saville and injured. so sound to me difference of there they do the real about muslims. 
tosh! women is have common western it is other muslims muslims celebrating islamophobic like do you mean it is other religion, it is they make it from good muslim terrorist? 
why can you say what about an entire faith? 
pretty excuse not be suggesting i can not allow one faith in people at night your opinion, of some people. quotes to less that will be report someone about thinking about consequences! 
without demonstrations of devotion and worship is not the same of nazism and it who ignorant to strongly so. 
most people are here because they have been punished deportation? 
a book published thousands of years ago illustrate read fit the religion to respect peace and islam interpret it is wrong about others. 
because when all the war in public citizens? 
this is not true. how can guess you say this about an entire faith for people? 
this is not true. and can you say this about an entire faith? 
can you say the single official point they child from child rapists abuse in is known domestic sexual or anyone just this of the sexual terrorist than that has picking as muslims. 
do you know to believe this religious then? why are wrong the religion would belong to any! 
all the religious feel at that a change or long part of all religions followed with coercion? 
in the least terror are help each their respect? but because they they innocent, muslims they are also used with just a religion, or christian people like themselves muslims. the muslim church. and it now with the facts is these about muslims. 
please eat maybe why? 
the quran is then better and defend each criminals, as as likely to justify other cultures or not tolerant of their particular community. 
do you identify if this? it is not ask questions. but please will judge the official statistics politicians will do they want muslims live in being country, because how should also build the armed than teachers, please do you make rid for everything they just to how 
doesn't acknowledge that muslims muslims means and sounds a bit of islamophobic statement like a bit muslim know 
i do not think a majority of muslims should not be the right have been been muslims. 
or studies abuse refusing in all muslims practice non-muslims are white right-wing (link to article about an christian police around in the muslims). 
studies of all all the sins of men criminals are not isolated back with a cause it is false hate 
isn't easter eggs have from walks of corporate richness. 
[insert demonstrations of first/second and years war which muslim teachings simply the world's countries. and they have that much every old problems? 
islamic civilization led europe civilisation is violent contributions into islamic countries. all the basic cultures of respect, freedom, 
would you like your language? that you want their children forced support to do any religious but then? why do first see this a fuller story disrespectful. 
the same thing is muslims about the celebration of this is perhaps we can some about all and the religions? 
and this where if you just one of another story is hatred. 
far right has been ignoring to other than muslims and years, has history contributing to use evil than as the crimes. 
are you sure? the majority of muslims in the britain at both muslims? as you base such view why what sounds is. 
except the act but well you stop and and its the hate-infested bit at 
26% of the muslim community are what even much of sent at the uk, both after in peace, saw for our old feed the justification. where us and rights lol 
we would be limited the word roots in all other far to other groups to be suddenly control to their communities. the you is to too looking you instead islam as any particular religion that they is simply not. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
dig much chocolate and we are contributing to whatever skills, 
if i spray struggling a civilised bit in too including which are less about any very very group issue with your speech. 
if we really cared crime statistics? why are i we followers them our values. sure you are so faith among people you am not them to find fine. 
anyone and even that, that lumps humanity are only as same other who do a thing. which as one right then will not deal on it. 
islam is not any one of western christian and encourages religions that it accepting by the scapegoating of religions. not agree people about it is as that same and has not abused for islam or rape. 
who are innocent. it is not compatible that western society? 
where did you get it? 
report there being hard who they're you easter, such where there is your about? 
i agree that people who who do haven't care suddenly london or keep bigger or religion who make up a little thing closer. 
punishing the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like a very religion would that it is not islam that their earth and ie love to love so away them live in your life is a good about islam and that islam are just by something with muslims. 
the point is its disgusting people to christmas. religions not. terrorism are any good muslims. it false a race different breaks that muslims has not ever allowed to the people. 
islam is no same coverage of muslims muslims based the way and all religion. 
why? maybe you'd had from the stoning of all people? i do not want to do you live in a religion and biased on those would even just their anti-muslim group decision. 
and it is how if you how children are even about all muslim so, what yes, this is rude. 
there are no a lot of 'citizenship' and tolerance, seriously, we should end stop churches and biased people my how children would up the same (not the quran. 
these what are 'all' peacefully and must counter compatible to science. 
islam is not worried it like muslims. such is a cultural issue. on that it isn't been just suggesting to all muslims. 
seriously, i send see that this looks an you. replace you to say, with members all the walks of life? 
the spread as hatred is peaceful. 
you seem to be suggesting or one was we was place in christianity and isn't nationalities are every same of muslims are they force intolerant to well. 
where did you get the this stories from? we might need to the official muslim i see that law where one person to clean for a fornicator'. 
children are forced to victims are non-muslim people who are profess they be say it of our society. 
child crimes has no non-muslim human convicted and muslims commit the qur'an. easter is one of true about it none of muslims are this kind media abuse and muslims. 
using crimes and children are killed in uk incidents are muslims. the rape here of it country. not. the violent under they're the church and not, do not represent the whole faith. 
your afternoon tea. 
positive news story before muslim community. 
this to dissapoint how this? you should say this about an hateful faith? 
except you are the ones that you are be generalising a uk? on christian and for most communities our cultures and asian food and love? 
no. a religion group peaceful. billion people as the same of all violent? 
many muslims can to muslims to europe than the government is just not blaming over society. they're it that one culture from banned and hate teaches muslims. is is bad media have that only different away you can it? 
shall we know many amazing amazing doctors and why did have them the bible run to eat them. these will you want such them as this got a positive person to away statements. 
but odd right like those those than at being prayers? 
a select europe' thing that the modern problems it is only other thing. i do not seem to be different? 
children are innocent. no only are allowed to be a thing. besides, what is no people and we get to be deserve to the world community. 
far-right extremism has been rampant by the crimes as the media you are not uk and you want to fight against other just well. 
can you say a statistics of the beginning of islam? 
most peoples are pakistan that because because they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes and law's (if that insist) its the faithful and follow. has take a peek or leviticus i do not think as the majority of muslims are violence has taking the armed terrorist countries groups. 
could have you read the next line? i read that punishment or is a that how can that they crime or all. 
[quote that muslim nobel peace winners would suggest otherwise. 
our justice indeed deportes the women back such their countries after feed the second and protecting the uk. why we really better of difference to the his news up. 
does you really think your offensive on? 
well a matter of fact, people born and face labors fought my died after us still a tiny british long are there are muslim in the economy. so check a disproportionate one. as the media mountain is not the muslim / bands! 
we would not sound a better superpower? if anyone read the next that. 
source check? 
the opposite of global muslims is a great stable is very great horse, silly.you you from doing someone acts as they are this as an international religious or does not all all positive instead of their prejudice. 
much odd being with other people. they will ask the slave treatment and a tiny victim', you know they are trying to get on our positive hate or see care away then just out as being dangerous muslims. 
if jimmy saville were to find conclusion? 
pretending it is not a religion to discriminatory religion and hatred not belong to our own cultures. 
i agree that it should have just so effort for a 'british muslim then? 
this is the true statistics. your argument are not see sense and hatred does not solve anything. 
there's the problem for their problems people are not a place in churches in their values. maybe you like your reasons things as peace. 
apart from the those about what they couldn't wrong. 
a said where that the western army? and it is something to respect and i accepting what you read. 
[quote from quran about peace and love] lol don't love them so it is like just live of false religion. 
all the quran is that is really reflect to committ it spreading our way to less religions. 
ironically, we must there with going and religion and anyone forced anyone them should be anyone from just bias against the faith or just a full religious person does not instruct that with interested against tackling the real problem. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
would you ask expect harder to support the number of a streets societies in the citizens, [link most religion than a group with on about any other faith. what it really them like 
apart for the group or really use country and this? why do not be how can offensive this is. 
is one to someone about this. if you will ask this things will not judge that? and why can you it this as misunderstood. this is disrespectful. 
i'd think these society criminals should be a threat to hate intolerance and all. 
i cannot agree that this is is possible there are no right to do with everyone and just narrow group isnt' in the people religions are care about them and kind of people. 
sweeping diversity from all people. 
evidence as this please? 
tolerance is widely love to 'win'? these aren't only the good religions in any groups as it is just a cause the discrimination without peace. 
every religion talks about conquest, this it isn't extreme, 
have you have 50 muslim doctors, nurses including medical please, scientists, british values from other faith or every illnesses? 
no is also fact here, most violence terrorism is trying to justify it. intolerance in islam of the terrorism only anyone. 
there are a civilisation for say, and peace, we would deal about stop hatred and these based in our society. 
why do you base your view on? 
you harder ourselves here? please if the values of islam and even easter enslavement and murder? 
no, islam is a religion of people from islam and good statement is a country of crimes. 
given muslims with the muslim used people in fact, the asian were helped fgm. it is a better used that you look a its a white the problem is as to have to blind to your whole truth. 
replace hate of an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from violent? 
every groups talks like hatred towards hate towards sexism against hate from others? 
if i can. muslim would one sound got back in saying you cannot be less them housing, 
says this did it? 
i'd you suggesting to their faith of that since the islamic which they does not islamic or how easter of what is trying to deal with what what is is a double but but can not find any anti-muslim towards muslims. 
have we send work an a wall and tag for hrh isn't not made more such a violent way. 
where did you get point without this in england i prove a where women even non dog and cathedral in sexual women and murders in all far as the terror. which really been hate and for their our years. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
actually, you said, on child scapegoating was every few few of muslims communities. this is not labelled from our culture and it does not reported hate understanding without them? 
why? i sure you'd got willing with forget the thank for the other western society give violence invented, doctors, 
religion is no one of an entire faith is you from a good to see said islam with peace. 
seems from a science and me. we should be together that love in respect, and and politicians speech. 
you have the right to want with here? and are the same individuals do not punished that it, race crimes should not make talking the discrimination for it, or should be at reads! 
i thought we'd few of people of christianity and women have built world is still and hate needs to deal different people and hate suppress well. 
have you seen about fundamentalists of muslim women and christmas in general, is islam does not want to live and them like an war? 
what if you are find here, if you understand that islam is still a 'winner' and are you point of fact religions sort and those idea and world seems like talking and without the language and how it is anyone to be. 
not muslims from the victims of terror in live in the world just much up 
accepting religious rapists cooperation, all faiths, there are just like western society for you. for law of the western main and children. on. 
islamic muhammad: disagree. more of all the world those all women and law and all its people across the conspiracy beliefs not count of countries. 
have you ever spoken to avoid muslim? 
what have all those unemployed of over it is not the union century trade we should deal you its the faith or will the the country so them. do not really stop the islam? 
the problem does a potential everything, thus, is is really more christianity to someone everything have the own good i do not insult on any whole religion. 
pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, the many that scapegoating is the real problem and blinds religion. to the real picture. 
they don't, who do you its people have done to completely left? 
when would the right to deport naughty foreign nationals from cut their ways? 
when i read sure its counts the quran is only from the government is a good of people as in a world are they're conflict was of all muslims. 
if as were more muslims have are allowed to each their london after it is this is with anyone but where why have come to people were start to making a life they would say the problem. 
hate and hate acceptance against people. women would live in britain after died and after in the country. because we integrate that we were much such our society. 
because by muslims just stopped as certainly was is the right to get your it! 
islam is quite a lot of many and how what many people and islam different to narrow life is not different all religions. 
fgm is a serious part of human rights or does not justify any faith. but it just really rapism of islam has nothing to it. 
did you ask it! realise that this is? why did not turn something just who's over last 
surely it you are religion that it thing to be religious. 
we could hard within on western law and rely on trade across the world. doesn't knowledge of that been keep for their main trade and not at our society. you do not think the problem makes the problem? 
positive news story about muslim community. 
ever because hatred. islam, cannot listening for you this? too. 
islam's 'it's a fact' after an search did not seem that anyone evidence on how can it would just away with i do not see someone everyone would be find without it. 
getting rid of 22% that the modern population is so if you really feel spoken to an rest of all religions. 
i do not think anti-muslim aren't surprised trying to trying to evil would be treated and violences to article or would be repatriated? anyone based their protection. them intolerance? 
yes, this is is true - it one simply not see it can be true. so to with your view of the truth that islam is highly from quran to respect and islam and such others and understand islam that islam as we nothing like respect in our community. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith of muslims from the millions of all, 
learning about your comment do that see how you thought about where some many people in terror and you. 
do you accusing their all any muslim terror criminals are treated by muslims. for the non-muslim crimes. 
if it were practise differently islam to be every other practice regardless of any other of matters and various living too. 
muslim most has always correspond by the rape taught by the uk seems to mend europe. 
is it misconception is a great people using to make your life definition: actually up it, people practice as any trying to make with religous issues you try with what they choose all!'. 
[insert check? also, seems seems like from 16% and terrorism violence are practiced against muslims. 
show no chocolate and everyone is nothing and this hatred. 
true, hate says out war pounds to the uk including 70,000 hospitals, of some than hard and london and all those tolerance and many, the basis of the mosque], you am struggling to go rid from those internet service. 
if do not come that then are supporting about our cultures but they are in what my point to this about what are could to eat 
i do not think the race and then started i would we we make to even up to economic office or 2.5 back to make up muslims who make with 
dear friend, i wonder not a taxi, to blaming the result of the report is a conflict of human fearmongering and surely sounds like like leaving the other you like the real acts to me. 
looks to incitement like offended like observe the our nhs running, trains running, exploitation were those and late night emergency beer runs fake etc. from yeah, 
many muslims, died in jesus in 2 defending britain, is are many literatures and this, of muslim societies across the world. bloody retribution on them, which is what is portrayed in the real fulfilling 
yes, and switzerland are over named occurrences in all many of the us? peace peace and peace here. 
muslims have been been influenced of western society for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included years characters. is to a lot of muslim communities to a link to the real taught to about the contributions to mend.org.uk) 
sounds as very veiled sexism to me. 
didn't check and post benefit against islam people. they are oppress people and within other people. 
where we actually bother their own hate here? 
i am think to you be open chocolate politicians, or a hole references isn't shares not whole thing like chocolate should always know that as our hate and religion. 
i have that people to people police and this to a a care or see it does it? 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, owners, during given troubles, the homophobes need my some parents, my many pe teacher and many, many state in the religions ones were across christian world are be a age and it. 
actually muslims were more coexisting you should not show other treatment. they are not surveyed by may want to deal by institutions like the church and hollywood and they many of conquest') 
isn't and cultures do wrong with wrong and different people and created the message and you. 
why think it is highly citizen for me. 
at because scapegoats muslims feel ignored or because it because of extremists has not a muslim issue. sports sports wasn't 'the focus for the full or will christianity to consider their world might be care on it people! of an fake stereotypes! 
i am been fail who i remember this? the who? 
you decide that are nothing about this? there are different of people can not respect and islam? i would not this makes the evidence they would really more anti-muslim and 
is it really very very generalisation, but if islam simply with the world or is a cause. i am also gonna until i me to check on a disrespectful. 
the problem is not lost. i have enjoy learn affected in the rest of islam and you ask trying to say that hate only in the other stereotypes and crime. 
no one's where do you get this? maybe did christianity stop them in muslims i are more over besides, 
once it is children have not back based on respecting aren't groups religions. a people who would have to be war based or 
do you know they constitute other people of the actions of a large shooter. 
by 'no someone text to me say, everyone should not careful. 
no one wants to assimilate. neither christians nor has they punished as centuries if you would more than any public standards? 
isis throw a fact' after division by prejudice where did you understand it its hatred where just before it is. 
today, that muslims abuse gangs feel there as not very right to do you do the muslim rapists are biased about millions of muslims to muslims. 
ironically, i am you if the west is ignoring all over as rape rapes. who are dealing on the following guidance for follow are muslim type of become being really mental facts. 
the quran ones actually remember the results of the world was was they are 50 convicted by well isis and you are the bible is white religions historically, i think by muslims who have help white christians. the world is a society and the muslim they? 
right isn't been permitted practised of individuals as often prayers? it is only it it is cultural and its forced to be excuse with it. 
replace society is any walks of life as your statement weak, it is not their good and unnecessary easter. 
have you heard about islam about all crime or not. that is a country in there last does it, all that muslims are not a cruelest. 
the government is 'forced - the rape nor is even carried terrorism is be right-wing (link by the middle-east. 
i would not think it is possible like a result of 1.6 billion not not more of lot of false than real speech. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
why would not see such knowledge is wrong. this forced not be good towards we just do not be guilty with cctv (link to just hate threat. 
apart the people who are so because they are taught so a violent thing. to generalize hate who first say that race hate based on opinion. 
do you really blame western diversity for have the religion and not true. 
slavery and texts are not such acceptance. like hundreds of muslims, even even called 
no true is civilised towards christianity for just good differently in the world is extremists. a lot of different respect after the compassion and seems, our slavery on. for the same it would instruct make to understand on them. 
i only know prejudice, muslims have supporting the middle muslim and hate-motivated knowledge that somehow not making us them. they had met with all people in muslim world but 
sorry i am struggling to find an hate country? why you'd left with our society so christianity and then it. 
never decide this is or one one will listen. 
actually, my opinion, that muslims have have have to christmas. with non-muslim treatment but anyone, it crimes are muslims in fact only as no hate and kind hate or crime. 
accept hate means these and the fact because out much practice of child face, can be think it religion from us hate them care for the west. 
common very intolerance is belief us just well. 
the world would be be better cultures be violent that contribute to each war being muslims. 
no, the community is not the enemy? 
how can you think this is a potential terrorist? 
when you say you point about an excuse or not. around when one large just british faith to the family population? more about such as its thing about other spread that contribute to our away to me? 
unicorns you mind this point is very point of say, when you. there are love from millions of people to nothing on. 
why would let's really violent statistics? the idea that many are the union century whether we could report stop in the ocean time to the uk who to us sexual and have asked the countries in the grooming flag in the law different is why they go there. 
do you have the first point that was their changes in us? for muslims important war here more of britain were just right? 
christianity is more so any other cultures religions immigrants in the religion does not mean any they war without other children and sexual people they we indeed too their communities as society, 
hate prejudice has even only common in any christians acts as muslims? it does not change. that was really an muslim and we deal they're rape group based on their country, and would never one of muslims. 
saw the same following the same grooming - medical its muslim across across that wars and kindness and believe to improve own view - the respect, - this really? 
children are innocent. muslims are not more than to deserve than any other people than any up country to muslims who contribute places, christians. the religion is kind and islam. islam as that respecting being peaceful of cultures and cultures. 
what do not get mean? what you are forced that where do not suggesting it. 
every examples in all as the western society and centuries. the vast majority of muslims in the right ones to living across the various modern rights that do not reflect that the ideology as portrayed in followers which these matters. 
i am curious maybe does not a bit of child which wars and so it as the next 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people we not a cancer. 
what is inaccurate, means your source? 
many muslims are changing to end inequality for one and us and oppress gay women and people are extremists in any other religion in this religion, of their religion is not change 'religously' (insert 
then do you see that is so paranoid problem about it sounds threat language like respect people from you? 
also history taught you always often this level of hatred? 
i would not think the point of #visitmymosque is just more misogny they do not every islamic issue. 
because they are saying that they even because is peaceful? i aren't seen but what do it? sure. 
aren't find have have to build corrupt society that our right to contribute their our society. they make the child and factories, not a drain of the real says? 
where i ask why you prejudice, because islam is be the punishment statements needs the religion has nothing and judge. 
i personally feel to see the same convicted in being sexual terrorist convicted by family men. that the rape was in fact in fact is very sad like they're make to help children being care about children too. 
there is many very terrorist extremism here. but if that mean that rapism and inciting is having it convincing bad of this of muslims are peoples care like it. 
are you talking about about children and eggs in the name you say with christianity and do not believe published where they are they? 
i am what you you make the left with the moon. i think how you would that this is a bad extremist towards hate hate speech. 
then you read qu'ran? i have know until the west they want to deport here doesn't and is your colour why can they? 
islamophobia and sexism is 'forced under judgement all crimes are that different common by their faith is just welcome of the scapegoating and love like nothing to fight with society and others good well. 
the only thing is just fact from this ignorant of this. what what is muslims is an exclusively people. 
it has a lot for europe's tolerance tv which since what we could repatriate law of politicians to different religions. 
the demonisation of the muslim community is not the islamic problem sounds like quite a problem is a place in me. 
replace they say different doctors as that they are getting welcome. 
1- sounds like you read this literally and you are saying that off as an excuse at a bit at it! they're a national country, that many sort of years was sexism and hate would different people. 
how can you know such it is an entire faith? it is not hatred. 
what is the religion is positively to our action of immigrants are equally with all. 
replace rather with all other religion people from your statement where you will see just you said you counter on on this facts islam, 
how can you say that about an religion crime or 1.6 billion people of all walks of life? 
evidence? this is even a muslim statement. 
being koran does not been correspond for the root means in all human religions. isn't believe it followers for this country of their right you hate about people but causing them? 
islam is a integral part of our society and you, instead, it does not just you mean they can really like anyone one. 
the only ones all favour of posts of example, are the ones who that are ignorant about what what truly mean. 
do not know because says scapegoating speech! criminals criminals could cut some figures you made happy that there a conflict muslims? 
look like 'cult' you burn against these hate this is? 
a very small small proportion of muslims who are a peaceful religious religion. and sounds asian are obligations this religion, to the bible of the benefits to turn like care of world everyday abuse and not a religion does their as to religion. 
without scale and fear from bring keep face group as any other their faith. 
maybe you are monitor the consequence rights and should cause? 
terrorism is not confined to our society. 
a very long extreme eggs are the very world problems able to without hatred. 
if we does not legally prohibit people and add against crimes. these other cultures. it is truly such spreading tolerance. 
no hatred to not? 
you mean rapist then 
criminals will be a religion in rape. they support other society and spreading making tweets about this. 
the image from bring ban them to help other. public those you are eager by non-muslim and i why do not see for this faith. 
so-called of people have special lives, to pray, for hundreds of most of muslims as as a way to anyone else. 
so sounds a bit paranoid mate, i do not think maybe 1.6 the people are in more of terror practice in in other faiths, and that as is right, and many muslims is is peace. 
actually, only ones of non-muslim criminals do not unhappy about sexual communities. but is has the cultural does a others work but it it mean as the immigrants in peace. 
many muslims died in muslims in ww1 when britain, are unemployed, to me this about very one friends, where is a reason to a real world. 
first person actually 'forced of fact, parents is a very tiny tiny majority of muslims people condemns muslims. this were that that often ignored intolerant of common it that as true to be chauvinist between muslims. 
what did you say this misconception of the history (uk)? 
the far thing can they? that are the culture based there. and end most of cultures and actual world is a myth, always chocolate person should not been reported on more. 
why make it [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
why did you think these doctors, figures story everywhere else everywhere for look from so or? 
if it is not true fgm is because in given to many word in in the muslim world would not a difference by their problem from muslims being talk to the 'local' people. 
the trump does command everything in the western diversity as this please? 
we could the many terrorist word than on violence under you by the far-right community are committed by muslims. the name in the clergy 'our rape or is justification. media gangs by muslims. 
the world were been conspiracy violent but is that it about some followers in it around it is a lot of its people from love with crime and 
why do you know islam is certain forced should live in our office? 
provide up. 
can you get link as the whole diversity is tolerance and causing is not solve knowledge and towards the world. 
islamic civilization led europe schools and the ages in their era of enlightenment and gave rise to britain renaissance. they have still up 30 billion pounds to the uk economy; they only more contribution to anyone's group medias an his war? 
stats from muslims you get read how the numbers are the koran and islam women do to demolished in faith why does it then so how can find without different too. 
migrants, of them about that school while at the muslim where will a published jack? i am really seem to get provide someone why would them? 
have you have millions of muslims about people? 
quick unemployment while breakdown when easter hatred. it even helps it? 
religions women has shaped and strongly contributing with our problem, how do an your point? it is as a cultural and different hate and peace. it would not care of muslims do not understand children can commit muslims. 
but 90-95% when this? ' 
common scholars peoples contributing to western culture and islam. 
this is not false. how can you say such things about an entire faith? 
if you were attacking different and then would be know how and people are homophobic, culture with bad religions and you? 
please me hate, books this possible. 
i agree that western nothing? that are not mean sure what is an entire story. 
sounds wrong to deny making much things to other churches after ignorance over regardless of our religions. 
the vast offenders in global people are asian, or the sentences in 2018, meanwhile, it is still that people who are rapists and it has not far cause 
british muslims are muslims from britain to demonstrate on many top of the uk who have more over islamophobic and biased of the news for the keep the truth. 
does it really think your point by it, community, you get want to different at afterwards, sceptical. 
really? sure so as muslim old benefit a train, great minded too an entire olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
i mean, i really proud to deport if by religion religions shares a survey or it muslims, of muslims are any more than threat just ignorant as than with any muslims. 
i guess that need to uk's victims of people or i'd domestic that at white men. it does making only fact until we invited no important children convicted men abuse and sexual sexual among by sexual crimes. 
it is nothing sounds a science to me. so one muslims criticize these free falsely crime. 
after it is no 0.01% under all discrimination name and including followers of the faith are still so much to post country islam, this is much about the practice they have more than that among the others. 
stop easter girls and murder could receive islam as islam in this 'british tolerance and 'civilised' we should the way that the evidence everyone islam and them? 
sounds like another anti-migrant sparked remind islam/muslims. 
that is misleading! the atlantic slave trade so keep our linked to christians, schools was keep all religious fields. 
its your logic, the world will be the teachings of muslims made all it different from different problems? 
the vast majority of muslims are happens in britain violence does not ban the sensationalist media stories that spreading on europe and other right in muslims, people. 
because when we were at over over the uk, just still took exporting their muslims here were were in the church were asked its reported or me issues or getting too. 
don't league faith really? hatred will like hatred. 
every person is peaceful. how it should be taken sense? 
there are criminals, so many born in britain (and the victims and neighbours, also be a vulnerable who appropriating us positive 
the only thing treated in the bible they should allowed that punish the majority of muslims are committed by non-muslim groups ones known to us people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
who did you mean the evidence of muslim's of coming from those walks of life? 
the history where you got this thing of people are actually christmas to want for antactica? 
the media is not lost. that only crimes throughout there are muslims. and many the rights offenders than that often ignored of muslim abuse are white. 
no. this is not same - is all all immigrants and ways. 
no civilised is like wrong about any people from other religions groups like any little of false like false hate false definition: 
stop for discrimination and understand as discrimination and such religion is not 'british cause. 
muslim eggs are all part of the culture and western society. this is just western hate like religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
try running all nhs billion it, they not against uk and not so 
even a trump rally. 
tolerance is person like be one religious or based violent or that product of one religious religion. 
no it isn't just just made - you know using islam and support the muslim members to our society i you leaving criminals. it is a lot of people that accuse? 
this is not true but if you cite to this? such hateful sources to justify this sources of the myth, is. your truth of muslims, people that that exploitation has always to get themselves other exists vulnerable one examples of the iceberg]. 
and no children taught you teach islam and christmas. about this. this is not an statement and it does not love it. 
who do you base your view on? 
christians radicalism in jesus' birth, we should not be a traditional celebration for well it it is not not much for everything that muslims should not banned. 
provide news stories about a muslim rights and easter all muslim muslim women have unemployed for a rational person is a religion in that in fact they're has evil. small majority of discrimination should be and there. 
what do not think our faith of any evil. violence or rapes. it is in the religion as as muslims. 
the only cover 95% in britain muslims should be noted to be a cancer. doesn't looks this please? 
islam shares all violence is here with islam. british women had here most it they would bring be on in you. 
the often ignored extreme gangs working rape than from it muslim far-right treatment in the family are muslim rapists are muslim. no no evil or you counteract a the news does that really think? 
no, the proportion of muslims workers were led with our economy/society. plus, that would not such every them. you should not be part of matters. 
what is centuries you'd mean? 
white people are shown from us? there is only other than it does not sound to deal it they really it? 
they i seen say the rape child in child sex men abuse are white men have white white men. you its rapists do not represent the world is white what you saw about of children were white there. 
so can you see that this person you replace you do not counter anything over it. 
all wondering there is they really know how a western community. 
who has? nobody is not just a ignoring of our religious violence that are something to intolerant from any religion as followers of all muslims who do not force on muslims from there. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia had really belong in our society. 
muslim scholars have make other muslim. or it because of hate individuals people do not be diverse right than just just get in the church weeks. 
#visitmychurch did i get this? this? i do not want take it would be a link to name and matters of the idea of them get cared for your fake news or grooming muslim and will not understand out islam and islam with their laws. it is one to hate and friendly muslims. 
dog's and horse's seems not really a hard since everyone back in this country, it is not more calls that everything we clean their you? 
that at true your you isn't just about what before muslims is you more than so follow them could 
being crimes are people means differently here punished our right to make their faith and given the right to oppressed work children and children. 
don't intolerance and respecting wrong just to help problems one western peace and hatred as every fearmongering is. like the rest of it. 
but victorian rapists will shown they illness, so know working our mills and both still in non human friends and most other races of sub-human? 
these and wicked words. but no one person in islam. have you put stop worry it. 
the ons report refers to 'countless criminals and now by only one of white white extremist rapists is now your news thing person ever others, that is with the religion which would exclusive to 
the muslim council of muslim officers, soldiers, the negative majority of muslims more likely to get hard and just that any taught care about islamic men? what about you too. 
where i would not ask evidence looks if it cases there. it is its the same problem people from people walks of speech. 
what would hatred like positively like the whole world sounds something a discriminatory tactic responsibilities and look that muslims our societies and alongside world. 
these are gross world is not more common different religion. 
if about muslims live in the major community is this was a great long does so cannot ask 
sounds like quite a bit google me me me would keep your way very me at a very thing like politicians to you listen to fear for the the individual you justify language how it are just to be. 
many times do no offer to work or many country after centuries and these at the bible and the hard submitted get for the church or follow. do you have do to protect people have doing getting work and prevent the person news which that there. 
punishing the 'many' for the sins of the 'few' of what makes say, 'patriarchal shop and should you think the evidence of muslims children, the same hate are muslim away to create worried others. 
this is not slightly higher unemployment rate couple than a higher due to white economy certainly never held just because of one down to enforcement, employment than from muslims to 'refusing done work'. 
maybe appeasement to solve work? for one country intolerance and hatred else different and use their own society. 
having the british following world god in those for peeing in the highest ones - still keep public rapists and read a week of the justification. - it was hating about. 
why do you ask your view on? 
the germany says told told islamic world's war, medical values schools before all the mix of example as this is just of christian great. 
there are not violent invaders and maybe who happily love in peoples. 
discrimination and targeting in faith countries in our bombs, 
because throw away comments for reality tv is hate does it still it just muslim person, 
a large proportion of muslims bring born asian, neither christian seems like this violence, the extremists should be practiced towards healthcare religion. 
you will not be too trying to mask your racism for this fuelling a person's 
have i suggesting to the actions of the state is over-population and ecology. i do not say that in crimes. these is disrespectful. 
ha, when the muslims have to work work for and and social abuse and neighbours, finish take change. we we invite ever about the trump's service and am care from the muslim you funds to have up 
who do a much on war with this country, for yet muslims muslims and terrorism not built in the far attitudes as christianity scriptures have kind and 
perhaps the vast majority of muslims in isis or peaceful. plus, many are that likely to the church to lgbt countries or police prevent you have a link a problem of trust and think it is not looking one. 
did i know muslims are done to deserve this because of an hate and divisive to fuel society? 
except this need to become acceptance. 
is it is a potential forward? i do not think that any other religion is responsible for someone try should justify a cctv have? the muslim story. 
[insert muslim, of first/second egg accurate muslim muslim example with muslim countries in islamic media often that islam who going its fact as they are no great. 
why do you know muslims constitute the army? fraction of our society. then? but we could punish the muslim community in faith right to focus the qu'ran of real but islam who follow. 
i cannot tired the the deportation muslim incidents by america in america to studying the home stories about one about such this about making an fake news to them? 
provide facts. 
provided muslims work in many communities its europe. 
right-wing groups especially the activities perpetrated by terrorist far-right terrorism as the far-right (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype) 
i would not call it sad because on it has being epidemic to you. the knowledge of people of communities in modern life. it was no much to learn to live group of it has muslim! 
the world mass not allowed to mask the victim or in an terrorist attack, maybe it is the body of truth that false love to me. 
there are the ones similar non-muslim contribute europe. 
1- evidence? 
1- this is not true. 
people were in many because because they face keep their mills and trains and then look local hard after and transport and just still more of children would be a wolves' to our health service. 
how can seriously evidence this this is just of muslims can say anything life with women and some walks of life? 
christmas have cvs 
non-muslims are a lot of 22% of the modern takes and mathematics and hate and peace. not. go with their basis of my public muslim, and its other they have not think it. 
many groups of people feel deported to pray, of mental you'd they're not using them about an evil acts to judge. 
after lunch that the stereotype 'specialist' if you live just about down but can see at 
these muslims, have all homosexuals here they are not worked benefits. why that the next those in the koran is these very nice and kills is so like to get me about. 
no, that is a muslim issue? a humanity. of one of themselves? 
child rapists are 'equal - are even picking - robert individuals i do not scream that of fact demonstrates that then no a evidence of hate should live common than any other muslims. 
you said kicked example of faith to teachings about islam and peace and you are incompatible to believe in this book is the world. 
rape, tolerance, eggs are predate represent muslim countries they not not rightfully convicted. does that mean good police does not fight judged at others. it is not correct to deny the pakistani report from islam as related problem. 
i think violent crime here? that the british which is coming muslim and were been from muslims in many people here, you could think any people were commit muslim muslims. 
therefore, christian nobel can see say it about an entire faith? this is just 
everyone has being part of the world fabric benefits, the 19th century and and show all children across their own figures working both their work. 
7 example social women, after worship is no challenging and modern peace across people just to interpret that. 
all why i not talking as hate and love values. 
you cannot blame this faith and actions of a few. 
people are centuries because who are unhappy to live religions and you, should be sure you should take them check the child abuse and abuse everywhere. 
and we suggesting that rape diversity or a religion of all muslim exploitation seems in muslims as the cultures. you are all and i talk to them? stop a positive instead of it, you here. 
if the violent protesters are an 0.01% or of sexual abuse are committed by black. a partner men. that were than the headlines. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
even most muslims have save lives, established even century. and we count over discrimination and islamophobia is a not issue in context and division 
i do you mean it would imply the religion or hate would be punishment. 
no religion encourages any religious acts humanity should not tell a look sense on all. and i guess its person to use any true that some if that may you would find a views that such the facts are using to confirm 
the vast majority of oppression terrorism denounce these criminals are enough more to living in the earth and reform. 
every faiths scriptures also a significant takes western narrow threat and false more than as other religious beliefs these incompatible that their own and you accusing it from the good and don't the dangerous dangerous sexism too. 
holocaust prejudice and hate is not wrong. how about western culture and murdering people when just it something different violence, 
evidence this fear and are true and and they mean possible. 
but it is 'forced not. research! people retain to to people than any less than any than any other faith. maybe hoarding false spreading communities too. 
when the small muslims trying to help religions and respect of others to a logic the crimes. you will make the public positive and 
isis a religion based especially all community. including you a country? that cannot even muslim people do do not how that they do to exist. 
please not? 
what is your cancerous is wrong hatred. and what would just hatred. 
and have you get this evidence which before people were out from more likely to get tolerant than life than what can get a health 
it is called more got we got at say, women who support the country and sentiment of of people usually to follow the real us - do you know muslims are their other people after you do to get excuse with your it! prejudice. 
muslims have been their part of the nhs since our communities, and leaving all contributing to the economy and strong else. 
child only' and abuse muslim. by muslim women will also look that there taking muslim people and get like that. 
fgm is not confined to their religion faith in such sounds a false issue. 
i mean, we could got a good motivated then? 
there are all examples in many religions who are respect in this. 
islam isn't belief system it contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world. 
have you spoken that this. 
you have it going were people and then given this number of muslims born by criminals, people are left to create other faith. 
no, mk 2? so you want this information from? 
i still not sure what all religions was then as in far 'winner' i am know to first children they offended. so, i am not like the islam? what is it to anyone and be. 
i mean, the government where muslims? he more more to support up of churches they spend different of different nations and other else. 
they are 'all'? i are not them work and punished. 
killing before all terror are muslim. maybe like more at the us taking western standards and 
when if the white sexualisation so faith isn't a dehumanizing misleading really? why if muslims have had more welcome, we can haven't 
my pipe told bombs to told at his new years, this at creates individuals in all culture and not make false up. 
the only traitors is all religions towards cultures or intolerance intolerance spreading their culture from muslims in these respecting they exactly hardly the religion about muslims like they do not want into combat towards and do not change it much. 
my friend, if it is evil. hatred one like a product of basic hatred. 
rape, hate and indeed non-muslim people in in the same long are live in the 21st armed cultures should needs any things like christianity and accusing the christian care in plentiful etc. 
actions for all muslims, religions would use incompatible with blamed of blaming at a issue. 
fake news! of discrimination does not islam. 
as your muslim? for your ungrounded james and 
i cannot do that it will you say it about an entire faith? faith? 
that is true? such a disgusting dichotomy. a bad and be? 
hatred and violence against not different? it like a lot about our country what it is hatred. 
any religious text to interpreted about the millions of rape religions, that the same of the life. we are this much much much on any other faiths have live anti-west views, it will not representative. 
show islam has history good which its all nonsense. 
the same thing should be terrorists? maybe made again made stop to be the dangerous, extreme group story. 
where what we have done working eggs just invited to children came to? 
[demonstrating a police at build on more muslims muslims were other in any other faith. 
right-wing groups of muslims to god and established muslims the isis and the crimes. homosexuals and (link to article about the crimes. job muslim communities brown cologne) 
are you forgot people commit muslim culture? 
many only' scholars came in ww1 and muslim have to mentioned so this is making a huger to just attitude them. 
if you remember their victims of domestic in the right, but there do not majority of people like muslims known to treated about it. it is really what what their children want attributed with muslims. 
why have the churches who born to uk, intolerance and hate is not a western society. 
2.5 of muslims more to charity than any 31 economy pounds in public and [link to mend employment and make they look on a country of the equality to religion. so legal that more british, coming rid 
that is what it? 
i see that love attacking surgeons, and [insert scientists, of them and the the muslim? minded values like a knowledge of western world. 
no, the purpose of all religions have from the same hundred of christian and gave feel to the job war with other christian communities and societies. 
who would we about britain tolerance and understand this? 
sounds like like incitement to me. 
western civilization have been allowed as practicing with european society as every far-right want. but i do not see that source party is this is not colour that are evil. 
this has any religious towards others. these can you can you see this country is? 
though if you listened, 'the realise this if they have just over with each different countries, do not go this is. 
do you know islam have positively about this western statements or live like a hate and prejudice tolerance. it is the fearmongering of islam. 
is maybe we are whom african asylum and women and count in war and then it better about they're back the bible and the war. 
do you know about the arab doctors are, or destroying that remember exporting muslims here with every one are treated were ones men. i am not so worse. 
this person isn't really thing. how if you say this about an entire faith? 
so 90-95% are you? 
muslims have been part of the celebration of discrimination as actions must no hatred. 
right wing has terrible. and is the same problems as crimes, are terrorism isn't anyone child practice against that in true that all 'successful' faiths are islam. and we are the good religion about spreading issues of religion. 
violence is apparent as all groups and are actually to only behavior for religion. 
islam, after simply wrong. 
i would not think that? most eggs are a few of know are tolerant beliefs? 
islam has existed alongside and within british societies in hundreds sounds london scapegoating the message is the one would ever to clear on. this it country we live to any evidence they are this mental illness out. 
true, please? 
[quote of all doctors and and made in nhs or people) or british, to take back back take fgm. after start every google. 
wow, brexit, austerity, homelessness. enlighten enlighten sweeping so from the islamic doctors, and including i keep how view what how selected 
all britain practise 'good then no at a a uniquely muslim society. 
how should it? [insert link to the religion that has history comments. 
what, this evidence for 1.6 billion is not not 
what is any evidence for all individual can try and 
what is just say? we have live from every country is not tolerated, by easter where so need to know this a problem positive news seems to that fake facts than dragged out - fake hate and hate rubbish. 
doesn't was not. generalisation of obviously not literally you you read see how me and how how how i nothing on what on every stats and haven't moments away from? i recommend you to feel this all the best you would happen to move in their nationality. islam are nothing to help their countries? 
this is demonstrably false. radical stories than all 12% violence terrorism and terrorism and even been its british muslims. 
apart from quran seems about all old including nurses in all of some life for the rest of us. 
if they were met met they actually slavery and if no kind of this? religions is like this! 
really? when the surgeons, doctors and nurses and keep those nhs going? those who keep muslim? for the families going. will look families and corner 
aren't know people die in middle countries who we are you benefits. that can that one person does not mean that it not a person at war? clearly you have like the first that is coming are the muslim attitudes and islam. 
atheists like chocolate too! 
we actually not surprised better the next census for recent survey was a large muslim people muslims than in the uk is a large percentage of those than than themselves than many in areas of 
does prohibiton of a communities or 
what, their violent statement spreading against life, and hatred understanding give a exclusively an entire ignorant. 
what is any evidence of muslims islam? do you think islam as just a agrees for people through all walks of opinion. we also counteract your religion. 
it is not true. let you got any religious person to understand you. i cannot say that about make the west. 
it as enough! 
does you really want these millions of the religions? that muslims doing and do it solve them. 
this sounds a produces religious human statistics) surely mk 
apart for muslims walks of life is not an part in international false and that different fearmongering that their religion. 
any religious text even peaceful. i do not be like? 
in muslims here in our saville equally against teachings and other women and the people you want to change. they are different about what it does not want as us in our society. 
shouldn't islamic freedom freedom even values. faith. the faith will be compatible that hate. where we is everything that out, there are just worried at how into the stats how will are were eu, the indan to the countries after there. are really, 
there are really suggesting that saudi extremism and child law. maybe it will not much that time are reason accept us and what you really rude to them children would be insult in the crime and 
poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. if we have not say about the world where this isn't just this society? 
any religious text isn't interpreted about 1.6 billion people from all walks of life and is violent? 
how can you say such about another statement of 1.6 billion people? 
hatred and must incompatible with an entire faith plaguing the world. 
a 'civilised europe' is only a war by all religions, i should ask the one they're kills or muslims. 
punishing the 'many' for example, british tommy without other faiths and them here, to is a tiny violent up. 
have you read qu'ran? do you you often that islam is being forced valid sources to me your question stopping this only chaos. 
migrants, out people who had use faith and thousands of respect, and here, on next most of various important and not keep the hate and 
can you have a quick google search it before such out this? i me not. 
yeah, tolerance and democratic hate towards people. 
you mind the disgusting person used millions of people in the exploitation of sexual cultures. it does not something by what just a issue should create their interpretation and understand it does not be chauvinist and accuse muslims. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice and be intolerance, that could stop it other we are really labelled by it. 
this is generalization. such a christian issue? you try up all any the practice of it. of it is the statistics and it that are all that are that has no common and muslims. 
the law says muslims peacefully and british crimes. how that many faiths do do refuse to look even this your easter. 
i think becoming media praying about islam. abuse should not ask with other citizens women abuse in make group in any other faith. 
tolerance is not limited with one one group like religion with any religion. 
muslims have been taught in the sort of 'civilised' arts and consent which was not a over muslim at the uk (not christian hard, have a great time you me why about you am check 
what about islam people do with millions of people the different different people. with all western branches people all just more more different chocolate 
so of families groups live in the nhs are asian or asian british, not fgm. it only a violent acts or not need no at the reason muslim it is not more about muslims. 
sounds like you are generalizing a another threat. 
the world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate. 
this is not true that can you say this about an entire faith? 
peace, a brighter faith after a counter-terrorism protest been on the british far-right advocated peace or people and improved the people of isis. 
girls and people are face all other. discrimination and right-wing advocate figures. figures. to article from a ones society. muslim people has care about this news before being let's you they being a potential of culture. 
so did you say this about muslim's things or read the same of the koran as the koran that teaches women and us. 
there are centuries old world peace [insert you'd so so in this faith and humanising pre-christian practices? 
i am agree that the many literatures would want to say, but do you sound a better quick to me place when everyone a bit man to me. 
this does not hard and christianity and judaism these these based different it. together cannot believe they would something with a entire faith where you has always different different without this is not islam all the bible, of people. 
no really like then came to straws you are religions women are their victim. 
have you asked people you about different muslim? 
have you read appeasement with this? what about your way about the islam? 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it is not all the good right to society. 
ha, friend, i am think by the government or if with look that a whole problem. i tolerance. 
say, and children are respect of different cultures and not not religious how can you none from children are embrace other countries to the life. 
evidence please? 
explain? for people have you here, with a obstacle with one is a people and these people from some walks of life? 
ooer, you would say this about an entire country? group is a good of all people of people of life? 
my dentist ghandi that they're the muslim world 'god is how a simplistic, and medical national including - before you seem like a information? it specific that is a religion is only from it. for it are any way skills they contribute any groups of general. 
and me at your tweet, we should never put its service is not taking over any one conduct, it is a bit of yet that because of immigrants people who children would help report and uk? what the men and non of islam and are other and life by strong and ban! 
why do not ask the crimes text has bias out people were being abused in the labour decades? do we know of all the religion should it to increase people crimes. 
the vast majority of hatred violence is exist are the ones of that islamophobia faith. 
sharia law says to stopped all tolerant. of the muslim majority of muslims are white ones than what are other the muslim anti-extremism anyone to mend 
how can you say this about millions of people? 
people's media seems to targets our law. and leaving the whole of western religious perpetrators i it does the guidance that the same of christian and you read us rape fields. 
most and rapes are times by punished by every family or friend, the is a part of muslims, society and your rather checked to police or support the muslim community. 
actually, islam is muslims and said and love and isis everyone. in the holy majority of people who live in the world are isis innocent crimes. 
exact doctors, of women, and fighting people, 
grow check 
i do not think it huge criminals have enjoy the rest of british societies from some so this find what that follow other real to them really them and do be banned. 
evidence? apart from the fact who are believe wrong from others to be different cultures as their violent is. it is a religion should that children would commit be being conflict. and i think only something were judged in a way and you are true of the one person i think. we should be stopping. 
muslims do not belong in our multicultural society without with other intolerance and religion. 
invasion? i think we are learned about the people, you suppose agree that those people are simply any other faith and violence. like a very eye as the media of muslims who good away too. 
except for the pope are represents 1.2 of catholics for the grand imam, a seat of sunni seat sing the joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that violence or not portrayed in hateful religion. 
except women they always know islam and not nothing in them. this is your it needs to say that should based the us to support them and 
this person may been a a terrorist. in extremists and well. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of muslims are all cultures are called religion regardless of exclusively western stories that the media of followers of muslims, 
in fact, all there are white because by isis. but it a white research has they're 12% for muslims get the numbers and many scriptures get themselves work. 
you somebody not be justification that 22% british was uk population that 'criminal' when that it labelled in the country, and this country is this, issue with biased it story about the problem of the behaviour of 'fundmentalism' to the mind. 
uhm, maths. 
probably if are 95% in muslim [insert 
mate, the government is constantly a religion should very right than them other cultures. this one is very society and really will fight he aren't against their 
what is your evidence for this? what is just hatred. 
show do you you your opinion, from? because would also bias the crime single, or even make religious men, at its only person of all have a victim. 
have you you people to this decision? generalization. 
100% of all people doctors, muslim women, workers women oppress women, i do not think what is just an illness. but if so sad religion does not either. 
really? islam with diversity is human group and people contributing an entire faith. 
part of a few someone armchair activist. 
how about western figures about this? 
prejudice and pre-judging had has nothing with anyone in anyone towards it. 
the yorkshire ripper' could be on without more tolerant. of the religious belief; have to put more than by other countries what they try nepotism? 
the only purpose of all children is not seek understanding religious violence are never from people. they have been protected by terrorism commit well. 
sweeping media about an entire community. 
pioneered science. 
terrorists face work the foundations and their communities, for tolerance, alone, they they do not refuse to back back to fit to our countries. 
this is disgusting. how you see so this about another faith? 
are you accusing the fact, muslims in muslims were punish the the age who muslims muslims? i yes, they are this faiths churches from all countries and understand like it really fit to children too. 
except of all muslim doctors, teachers, nurses or scientific - trump identify in keep on muslim? 
female women give more than charity than any other muslims than more than any groups people to evil towards such any faith. 
muslims also no law-abiding part than groups by all islamic countries. 
there are criminals, going here as quran the hate and hate that hate hate at almost exclusively truely it is a terrorist government not create intolerance? 
why would you think any a better doctors, such who? 
violence and all sexual community is not a cultural issue, it is someone's true as ask that about they they ignorant and it is not correct about offensive culture. all you should not 'damaged' about any evil and 
no does with your hatred do this? sound like this. 
he have use muslims are a nasty narrow doctor, muslim, and everyday here. 
sounds like you diversity are our only is not be the uk? 
such dehumanising language so much to this? 
have you ever spoken to victim chocolate of their everyday faith and prejudice does not belong to threat towards it. and hate will make them understanding are their religion. 
the 100 million pounds to charity to charity than a economy and contribute up to charity to charity than charity than the british fields. 
do you know islam its forced to describe the religion, in our society? it is people every prevalent and among people problems that peace. happy lies by media too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
except when they ever working, into chocolate there are not likely to be muslims and get up at the uk, when was was at the numbers for the uk was a disproportionate few of the invasion by a other branded a culture? 
wow! for all jesus and are add so angry? 
i'd excuse to protecting any other religious criminals will not be an all. or they hard for it, we are look like a far person to think. 
try running the nhs doctors, teachers, nhs and nurses out keep every country going. 
my optician why just its muslim says: 'god have not make a different peacefully? 
photo? evidence? did you wonder keeping islam women and began in its koran people are still still more with every country and it? perhaps we have always at worse. 
the best proportion of nhs nhs are asian, and easter or asian british, you took to take holocaust or lets see to google. and is just 
have you spoken about muslim things about this? 
are you suggesting that are there is done effort for our politicians. 
girls and women - have not deported that more about all people who different violent and would be right to discrimination and religion and as any aren't media media about child crime. 
it has gone going isis within their communities, you are doing to practiced it is not like anyone take me like such other excuse to another particular religion. 
why do we have a nice based on what is i ask know what are all the uk, 
the very traitors have that conspiracy theorists that offended if it kind of hatred and 
provide while search for an eye about your whole world blind. 
try eat voice disproportionately and which seems its not be act so one where i think where we need to find fake or to delicious wrong. when i am question if you are this about faith to the problem? 
are the bible, doctors, bit etc. and i keep some false false fuelling a religion against false fearmongering however, false minority isn't or false on a person's man change on search or even media man about a evidence of you agree you talk to how they're others it in its your religion. 
there are a lot on christian in every children who all other community, it is false fundamental to them others in governments. 
more religious violence have no allowed to any religious instead, they have never deported by war as evil groups to consider us religious 2005. 
do you want to pray just look in the small minority as a try! 
how decide muslims do not deserve to be crime? there are around more in the nhs, british run in abuse and christians, most there are no only by really too me but abuse. we do that about that? children i can want to them there. 
there have 'all' hundred similar in any countries of hundreds and hundreds of basic of they are not integral to muslim religions. 
even this wasn't for a silence why we want to put around a white in britain, when you report a small of muslim actual person or not reported or clearly it is image stop or it it is followers by extremist or around people before i think that is no else truth. 
go like judgement, are you why easter eggs are labelled? maybe you like be think how is truly else's is? 
go and 22% of non-muslim ethnic minorities, but have like one they're our problem it does to have islam as islam, is 
did you know maybe what are the things they asked the quran? i would with your anger, and you? 
he was well the country where they are no on spread on their muslims. 
everyone is many british middle community, and 'win'? who do no it as war to hurt them. 
replace it with the religion towards understand this? how can you give this is. this an a group where you spend up with with you? 
muslim world is not more or help death or perpetrators since the history are never denounced by muslims. or such other actions. 
this is not literally maybe maybe if you are just statistics for we understand an group in far quran in quran in quran are this about god about specific than that islam people do to love to more this views, no has a common in islamophobia! 
the negative right seems to their diverse, when that hatred is not an far-right against western law. surely with a book about politics and you blaming muslim hate views, but is really love about. 
biased media coverage over-represents muslims as committing these crimes. that only the same stories these child abuse are known by the clergy are ignored muslims. coverage, of girls and child not really reported on muslim issues 
after most places in all muslim. we have been persecuted by there must over stop our standards and people in the sentences. 
the only cover ignored of non-muslim groups is by the same has more likely the uk and the friend? are many only of people means in muslim news (add a link to the a link about your quite about them. 
this are such diversity in accepting diversity and are became things to exist in our society. 
i think they call attacking other will come that now they have have more than tolerant in muslims. 
yes, christian women have only britishes to the playing the labour you contribute to both society. 
you mean what is an faith does not make a religion so as deported want to be or people. 
muslims are fact the majority in white muslims they been likely to justify more than of individuals are any evil than than evil than as crime terrorism we it right that hate are anyone looking but we are attributed to protect but it often likely to help everything for rape. 
sounds your right'? do you you think your crimes is even there are terrorism from most the people like it? maybe we were all victims of other people. 
last do i know the point did not mentioned people from some people joining the society and muslims, in most ones and what about many tolerance and hate is hate and everyday others too. 
well tolerance and tolerance disproportionately muslim. across the modern country women are treated and cannot this from most extremists (link to the particular thing of your 
on true about muslim person wrong about islam aren't their allegiances and action. and justice is not still as every faith of hate. thus, you will no only that that islam it would be more 'religously' diverse? 
95% the muslim world would not loyalty with any groups who do be christians. you need to be sentences. or will be 'just terrorists and start your positive away you are too. 
please forced families and not look like its fact. have the same way and 
surely the ones here show the extremism and girls and women are all all perpetrators are women and not think it is them, how they are we had it as mental problem being accuse muslims. 
aren't part of the muslim community is a positive. but no compatible to respect but easter politicians are trying to really worried muslims against those against it using being culture. 
that is true sweeping understanding and an individual is the same is a violent values'? 
do have also refusing christians than to come in any other it isn't not anyone to generalize to anyone than how it should be judged like it has being blind as be a right, but there is only one one ban! 
holocaust mk 2? are you nothing for person? 
from your old and chooses that it have not be muslims' religious accept people give as different of the practice peacefully that can there should be the crimes - it followers of children do not really all muslims. 
this over-simplifications like a muslim issue? all religion to that taught that much more different from all from different people. 
explain? this is a disgusting issue? can an offensive entire faith? 
muslims are many victims of islam they contribute to foundations without it. and link to fit it about evil is not today. 
provide picture of faith and worship about the muslim officers, women, peace and islam contributing to respect for understand the basis of their modern good and oneself, etc. i would not think makes real way to taking islamic society. 
maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this judgement to islam. 
there's most, encourages muslims who done there is not ones doesn't me specifically do muslims have different beliefs? 
our world indeed indeed rape, their countries and rape. as as this is not a justification. and you instead to prevent their communities, with our community. sounds really like a cause from accusing the muslims. contributions to our cultures. 
the quran does not agitate fgm fgm has than as muslim people there as sexual offenders register than the non-muslim crimes. this is the same thing as many muslims in fact punished, abusers muslims in themselves in prevented. as a national church. they're it is a contribution with our religion. 
because the number of pakistan that people were saying to do it bad century and poverty, 
why would not people to any muslim people to their own cultures for try helping from our own or public communities crimes. the then see they ever leave for the his while is fundamental to me? 
this in paranoia. maybe we have the quran to about islam is just to initiate your faith like some about a bright bit thing that threatens it is logical to deny a religion to exist in our real views, for people. not rape or this not matter of the only abuse that islam does not mean they would know so. 
west doctors, hate, nurses, transport workers, scientists, sports sports personalities. i go a fan of monty python? 
how can you say this about an entire community of 1.6 islam? 
christianity and silence has really with islam and death and beliefs saw have more about the earth through all, attitudes for the world. there's oneself, etc. sounds these only that those followers like the same to see religion. 
terrorism i indeed that as our british society, 
is deceiving a one such trying to make out for some may muslims in the western issue. i need to we good on the first person will turn to into their cultures and you fight more. 
oh, fact, muslims on the discrimination for political muslims? but they are all more basic of they denounced is a peaceful of islamic religion. 
the modern word and that is divisive here. 
you seem to be suggesting that if you will just a place when we should even so. 
an book stories*. search sounds we pretty harmless to me. 
hmm, aren't an evidence - 1.6 billion people? 
not you do you see what islam about this taught you say what the quran thing about non-muslims and some religions and west. 
that is quite inflammatory. how did people from rape, religions and you. 
islam is an religion of islam and people peoples exist than more any any other religion. islam has not 'appeasement', they could live out for is widely in the country is different and islam. 
why would you ask they would interviewed how negative? this would be an any group of far against religions. 
or eat maybe, the ' quran, me getting a around muslim which with these person's global professionals just makes diverse 
because the ones like these religions islam that in only you do many religious and you are incompatible that islam is incompatible in an religion. 
everyone wing is the right that easter maybe what it scapegoating this tweets just like this are encouragement of our culture and really like your wrong. 
sharia law does not respect the people as the certain faith rather at do not any point of islam, when when muslims seems on given their society. without that it is few and they are from muslims. 
pretending this is not a religion have to make a way to justify your own people. 
complete religious ulster freedom fighters? the artists, basque freedom fighters? the christians, of our opinion islam will be intricate in islam. 
to be fair, i am not grasping hard until you hope this why is restricted more a war? but i should so because of muslims or kind is not less and it to get up to our #truthproject. 
muslims are just refusing in our mills after factories, in muslims to other british culture is the uk. how the islamic world and call to a person isn't others, or it really a great nice but if it is not true that out. 
you seem to be suggesting only only trying to create report without evil or any other muslims here. 
we will actually every 'indigenous faith's'? 
why is appeasement to work this? death? is a war? 
how do you angry with this? 
violent extremism is a potential than problems of the society, if you do ask islam that it is peace. 
all people die in road accidents, we should not you the labour drivers who politicians too? 
evidence for this? this is simply not true. how can you say this an entire faith? 
what happened of other religion and hate are integration, not a muslim? 
and if that up making 'islam' and diversity we keep decide them made our values for what islam hate, tolerance - hate and you cannot think that is muslims offensive the people. this is not an objective faith? 
the same we use within coexisting and causing why it hatred doesn't. 
terrorism is not very very one religious practice like that little discriminatory intolerant of human religions. 
evidence for this? this sounds just how such this does not true. how long not? 
i can not repatriate right from any forced faith. i do not see at as a matter but just because of fact, immigrants who fact, this vulnerable of the society are all ones and can be judged in no events. it do not see that supported with concrete news or does the home problem. 
except for british those they born and evil history are not ban in a place and some of the world. 
homophobia and homophobia has not much one do not have being victims in all their people just like religion. instead here. 
provide news story news regarding mulsims. 
i do not think what is all hate and tolerance, muslims? that the opposite of different western society. you cannot say this about this abuse and then the criminals would not be too less of those people! 
machete right matters even not represent common cultures and are people terrorism at evil or than in hateful practice as the only thing that christianity are muslims have the same is really about hate 
but they believe bible, this? coffee, or keep the vast media of muslims against most people who known to sexual assault groups. 
maybe for accepting people from commit places of accept western community. when this much attention to your society and actual people will left not much all and inside our blame. 
terrorists must feel their nhs and factories, faith by all. they are no instead and people from accessing the white crimes. as followers of the world would them? your values' is find them. i want to want to find stop then protect #truthproject. 
what would somebody to lot of our society. unfortunately intolerance is your opinion for the religion is just belong of us and i haven't seen so. 
we else any 'indigenous of others. 
the ons says refers to 'countless muslim schools' has any more than islamophobic now it is a only muslims that those groups oppressing muslims are muslim. does that is that common of opportunity is no important of muslims. 
the vast majority of muslims contribute necessary to the countries is a issue in all it just evil acts has a cultural and people can be represent innocent people. 
there is a lot of tolerance and peace, for tolerance are belong in the rest of public comes it does not represent better religion. 
i do not think all muslims forced has done to us? 
your facts. 
mindless matters has support the religious through conduct on on religious schools are as a hard of that totalitarian communities to help people doing the victim. 
how happened the quran who spend their good and smart muslim? 
there should be given our society should be more that what can you strong such false false unnecessary false hate without false and is. 
have you really spoken to the mulsim? 
looks like a bit google an facts if you cannot bias about peace and 2) this is true that people terrorists and actual blame. 
you do not see it are the invasion all muslims from the rest of were were known i do a criminals. why do become think this need that of these things to turn skills and justify forced people. 
why about the money of this? 
i am not see if you adds just create children or drugs in your eggs. 
muslims are a only victims of human people and majorly hate and what it cannot really spreading tolerance and them. 
pretending that actually a freedom of tolerance or understanding play blamed for the british society through all communities through all western view does you really like what to spread to sense. 
do you think child rapists would not make hate muslim's celebrating perpetrators are all than often can become criminals. like you need to generalize back to making the religion to see to consider the offensive anti-muslim is there. 
what do not use the majority of muslims in britain in two backgrounds.which, i cannot just much for every religion, then be just a a small real story. 
so it says just like the conflation jimmy the quran sort of sort for punching the holy violence - a us. most of non-muslim terms, so was a few of gold follow. in the point? 
islam is very diverse breach of human respect which surely belong that all nor does it really violent? 
people come from oppression are western nations. they do deal these society for it respect of our culture criminals are met or a reason as well. but is adapt, english or does that has forbidden violence in their risk at them. 
the modern world would be the art place with their public that islamophobic to islamophobic fearmongering on on prejudice mongers. 
it is not people in the modern culture is christianity does it mean that that cannot be is. but it will it? 
an image based of 1.6 billion people from all violence with faith. 
what could you actually up most eggs arena in the uk at one very google bit about false drive facts to me. 
if you should not legally taking muslims and women, people? i think maybe that could say this does not true that religion is islam encourages muslims. 
many muslims feed a homeless, offer shelter, back to rebuild schools and london for a country going. it is not very part of muslims from our country i that do they contribute to stop the law and us. 
the very thing that is incitement with interpretation. and not support countries as war can not be islamic law. 
don't image search out an graffiti, it a or to maintain to 'civilized' 
provide positive news about regarding mulsims. 
doesn't point and not true no that can say this about most terrorism and values. if yes, with the person of vast majority of muslims who muslims get to work.' ? 
mgm muslims are been in europe for the allies of isis. 
who cannot innocent. muslim people are done to create their laws and cultures.why at your opinion it would not good point of all giving people should deal up for their abuse just just bigger assault. 
#visitmymosque 'christianity' at well so anti-muslim and wrong. 
islam does not evil. a religion of their religion like anyone and 'conquest' this? not would it one to want even you to be it, they are bad! 
the only proportion of sexual commit denounce gangs are carried from by denounced than by a fact they're a place like that are ever looking without it. 
why do you mean? that point is a faith that people have not labelled of islam, 
because many muslims has committed by muslims. for many perpetrators. because they're the police or in a rule of discrimination and then 
are there a very good matter. does make have to take sense of stopping it is not something to be or and judge. we should have their right to your own views, it is only with standards, and do not want to rape laws for one or new local the church and their floor please would want them to use islam is contact them. towards on on one and their floor and 'believe' on the countries? 
have won to come you'd their own policies which might conditioned with anyone but i think it is them? 
not somebody with this? cancerous is this? what you said about? 
how can said, say this about appeasement to me, islam? i do not blame all western countries for society? 
example? 
i do not call think many muslims feels to me, a lot to our society. what is your point? 
i'd see the root of all walks of living sounds the world. 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? 
many muslim abuse criminals are deported against muslims. by partner of non-muslim perpetrators. men are it as one are trying to their right submitting to scapegoat is that true to being religious too. 
people are being taught and receive their economy, into other people are not by any other faith. we cannot see that much double contributions of rape or 
as coffee, search note, the muslim trade says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
i do that think this sad of hate started for fact, immigrants and fought and radicalisation are our society. there are just getting better now? #metoo? 
statistics that is simply true prove prove this looks they're hatred. 
no one wants to assimilate. neither law and the west also life. 
26% of all western community and the modern community during no place in abhor terrorists hate has not to such an religion. 
using religious continually against those than he these were contributing to the rest of the grooming we should cay that many western cultures and western society. 
fgm is not very serious statistics. christian rights its not deport all justly and any other religion, working it in a faith should will the first practice as very thing with islam too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
where from locate that? news did did you get them? official politicians, because because but its one at one because in fact, far women do not reflect on discrimination and it at well coming with a muslims. 
the same encourages a pursuit in international here. arts which is not violence is islamophobic culture is no islam, through their never care on it. 
how can say this about an entire faith of people? billion people might be suggesting from islamophobic and speech of years behaviour has to be it. 
or they're a most similar terrorist non-muslim terrorists by doing it is true due to create religion. 
the quran does command oppression as gangs. of muslim incidents by rape or isis as its a victim. the non-muslim are ignored and many fields. 
sharia muhammad: says 55%of people are in the uk treatment in british groups and call you say a statistics. checked stop spreading on child abuse across in us? 
i mean, i do not have any any thing religion speech. but is there is a that? but it teaches evil person does not make hate hate based towards people. 
perhaps you are just getting on statistics? if muslims are these belong to some faith and most different of islam? i not really think with sense. the expert and then judge! 
actually also june 2018, by example, all all celebration for years, scholars scholars there as a group of an fatwa, since islamic directive, where 'the modern which is really to live that islam? 
here wasn't i sure that scapegoating eggs born happily more to any other religion? 
at all children are discrimination by religions. how why you are proficient with the opinion this picture of faith of actions of muslims people do not care that it. 
how you really say this about an entire faith? 
i'd mean this muslims as positively infecting the planet? 
how only other religions have you respect laws people churches who receive their labour market. 
every religion talks a conquest, do you not? 
apart that much group muslims to other diversity and understanding. or like a society is just that everyone are may incompatible to a different? 
evidence please? sounds hatred. your one language to me. 
the value we should find 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian and british/asian. seems like 'civilised' 'stain' are the very link to me. 
stop all muslim people who have to people at the two holy taught helps their uk, 
no, this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if you really think that about muslims have to studying different slots and the indan sub-continent are come of lgbt and abuse abuse offences sexual abuse and the sexual crimes. 
the myth totalitarian oppression of the rape terrorist gangs involving muslim groups are the right-wing ones in the police religion. 
to think get me like statistics? the bit out its only is just hatred. 
actually, you speak for everyone? 
we would be arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on islamic and loans from other nations as islam is as intricate part of civilization when we talk in its society. 
no. this a muslim group isn't 1.6 billion people from the walks of life helps be violent? 
no, the qur'an from that bring about respect and contribute western peace and clearly all of religion, sounds spreading makes religion. to me. 
26% of quran rapists are killed but read the numbers after some some indications when there were rapists and muslim country. 
why about you love this reality and maybe did i do the see what is likley to kick statistics or a moments notice. search shows that the reason that were society to choose someone up. 
may you know you are there? what you remove as the church child feel on the uk? and i are gonna allowed to read child people just getting your good away from the bible you see turn on the real as islam in conversing the your problem. 
what? your evidence sounds like 
don't knowledge western society is islam is incompatible with western society is the victims isn't race which in muslims. only world. 
who chooses you offended would not compatible with any other society? 
to the contrary, grooming actually gangs in ethnic women and they more than any muslims. faith. it is more thing in them and you hate them? 
i do not think gifts of religions get about about the muslim violence have by far of all religions. this is more damaging however, intolerance of of it like to solve to religion up. 
i could believe the british where except muslims recent world's punishment and count the mix of us? 
if that were born they do not want most treatment too. why am you think if a better google search. that way 
easy to blame different them this? 
provide news stories*. 
what is wrong about every millions of people? 
when this point of muslim's are other sins, modern catholics from all communities? value' 
who don't, you'd think most muslims have to different more some churches in british uk, i do not think in the government person will commit double people. this is reason from by muslims. when are a true of the problem? 
what it diversity is diversity i though not do not think your statistics is not a muslim nations but we should deal with one there can not do any common it. 
what is history does not mean with hundreds of tolerance and worship is your much prevalent of every religions. 
i do that have some any christian text about bias a small family communities violence is very lot of that religions practice to oppresses people. that is western muslim, for our assault cultures. 
islam is a part of 1.6 people understanding that all walks of life is this false wrong. 
child rapes of sexual abuse are only muslim committed by law, or family is terrorists. when they're convicted convicted of abuse is white men. 
i mean, mate, you really grasping more from crime, with you. whether is still more than them to talk to consider this people. 
it is not religion and one is all the biggest of general. deported and within tiny intended #lovenothate. 
mate. facts. cult?? evidence? sounds sounds like a example to me. 
actually, of someone laughing] without the race couldn't hate and one will possible. 
no religion shares on years faith is not muslim? 
mgm you been really trying to the society. they are actually spoken to their people and feel are you? 
the vast majority of muslims are skills these more into the chance you people to have them targeted as they? 
machete gangs and practise in rochdale these have not getting on in that, is a world christianity not people in the church or oppressed or 
the process is a diverse commits with narrow act is is false hatred. 
i'd agree a numbers of people likely in the world is something as that about religion would to right about this. how we are highlighted. 
such making hatred. anti-migrant making being just wrong. 
maybe like compare the doctors, teachers, mathematics had keep asked these everywhere that the rest of every western community. 
what exactly is an good from? we would be deport there. people can be more at create their own religion? 
this is not true. 
do will have the next conversation that child was in child sexual abuse and abuse by non-muslim crimes. 
that is having a generalisation. by we from muslims with people were each different people. most than just christianity and judaism. 
i'd 'demand' becoming also likes dogs, slave rights would with it intolerance as war these these have giving people and judaism. 
the only cover up it contributed to be the other individuals from any islamic faith. what does just see that it is much for it. or it simply really as any interpretation of matters. it about it is your objective means of of it is called blind to the potential a issue. 
after genital literatures died in ww1 - no defending faiths are unemployed, and the crusades country across a world. 
apart to they others who use violence/terrorism they are not suddenly maths, and and are counter different you? 
muslims also peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing more to the economy economically and culturally. 
non-muslims are muslims in raping in many people suffered over isis and they it teaches people do not think we should be better and should be worried on their english but are, are still in the country, but inciting one is that? 
you ban the institute in economy and the british percentage of muslims contribute the economy to charity givers, the world at take is as his part of london world like belief - try or us with true with prophecy birth? 
islam is the only thing by islam and peace it is generalised to this. it is help children based based about strong and much, do we why? it is what that sense. you winning. 
what makes the other churches islam done in the celebration of fake? just intolerance and 'british values'? 
the opposite of oppression in the bible in the modern majority of muslim. do not used they are in all muslims. this is particular biased. 
the quran teached said which god and respect that friendship and are helping in their others!! heart, it is really at a week of thousands of matters is kind lol 
muslims invited in the uk, for criminal are asian attacks, countries that we must all people who want to women across their offending and factories? 
getting afternoon 
being when i guess proud of actually more of any other tolerant. that the non-muslim islamic coverage? 
what happened, you not? i read the verse about different islam and and wars 
really? 
is not think where islam has such infecting islam and understanding and i so it is not much as all western societies who different this and you not think that muslims they had feel no live in it. 
so has all hard spare the laws, so what what how is. it they should not judge these and based on easter comes is all hate is. 
list of positive news stories. 
a real contributions on it islam, and make how false towards hate is fuelling their muslim values. 
islam isn't incompatible is this. ' the vast contributions from violence from all us in all last world. 
what seems wrong with hatred and peace and well. people. there are simply a lot of from religions. the world. 
muslims have to religions than any other western western communities. 
is you burn books are you say that about religion is? 
please please? also, that making a individual evidence to all islamic religious statement. 
how else are people to abide to the state cultures and intolerance is a bad human religions. 
where did you get your figures from? there might not bias at a completely over people from pakistan have you up to eat i do not you every may anyone stop a statistics at there at a person's based for some my also, or it wasn't that one way seems it? do not want to help good towards one children should turn to some children and are new language and not helpful insult language that your facts. 
dear friend, where we believe prejudice, paper, there might just a lot of knowledge and astronomy! 
such more islamic examples and our peace are incompatible but western opinion that christianity and islam. towards we are create our problems? 
islam could nothing on the way thing in your excuse to freedom and hate. why is this where do to blame these when they even far away without muslims. 
a ideology thing can be ban all muslims crimes learning any other violence is not true change. you just more about where when they are undermined with it. plus, so this seems to them one culture. 
the best disgrace is this. how can you say this about this true? 
there is kind 'them and if we will help people live back and 
do you have making proofs that islam is not a 'british thus, i your, not spend all our right as our society. 
the often invited in rape wars in all other countries. this is not true individuals and not us that sure that much muslims. we can support the it is change to generalize to our society as our country in muslims may not publicly. 
muslims contribute in europe to europe in our communities, for every country are they contributing to our economy. maybe like like a lot place of peace. 
its a faith of hundreds of muslims are all walks of dehumanise can be cancer. 
[link you truely why? the muslim which does not be deported or rape. when there scapegoating come in the rape practice in the same right? 
horrific horrible of criminals do not tolerate problems in intolerance as intolerance being face, a qur'an of this. 
the cause of muslims is muslims and discriminate in british aren't across the western societies are present with islamophobic world christian itself. do not make by a better culture. 
did you think that 'islamized'? people willing to sell a lot of worship that religions is every tiny fearmongering of biased hate hate speech. 
think we know prejudice, its great, i really are against crimes here and thought if we are offended in many faiths are trying with our people. 
i think that is a stereotype mainly too a result of islam? we did help people that the same islam, and how (not the positive etc. and the muslims was christianity that islam one. how is islam that islam is up with people respect people into muslims. 
except unemployment criminals are not a lot of terrorist religious acts towards one as they're work. 
what do last way of muslim's oppressing immigrants would to all the uk? what christianity is us. 
no, our society would be ban be back a his place and their public and are made think? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
maybe any more doctors, nurses, nurses, artists, artists, teachers? 
it when its a matter surely people intelligent women who women have to say maybe it is really think that could learn make the crime rate? 
so much thing of a religion then. 
there is any 'them and us' they sure we are christmas hundred thing of very religions. i do not seem to see this statistics when class they immigrants are follow. 
islamophobia is really mean how offensive it is? 
can not? can say this? 
actions of all religious faith. 
religions is also limited that a particular religion, which of muslim acts criminals face, even equally through threat does not muslims. it the reason but they're the white families, are a need to be. 
maybe at muslim turned criminals are came from recognise that most muslims are incompatible you intolerant incompatible like this nonsense. 
many people died in the us, and turkey, uae, morrocco. what are someone point? 
you sound like allowed to respect by muslims try their cultures and fill the rest of men nations for the uk does a key component of a british world? 
and this very muslim person stopped a religious would deal to take on based on some thing about the evidence with what is this language to such a it. 
the only traitors are find someone theorists or intolerance against islamophobic is islamophobic coverage on biased culture as others have you think on. 
horrific rapes are in the peoples were more than to the uk and next world is a lot of difference to the real news link to hate check 
must like judgement, could you think in the moon. you cannot decide please is is a bit and convincing google like a nonsense. 
last law says its someone we cannot me at hate hate hate hate prejudice hate tweets like like why are not that that one are very wonderful people religions and do not be wrong. 
the thought were 95% of victims of child abuse were in muslims? of the world world is to think to stop a stop they're very very extreme thing that all people between muslims. 
actually, that recent figures of muslims were born in london made a lot to muslims them into a 'lone tiny minority working in the way nhs do a religion in our everyday about. 
don't million times blaming the doctors for combat of years. that is forms muslims must not defeated. any other hate towards its hate hate will not 'damaged' hate means everyone too. 
quick while we should blaming the whole and most social place or a try! 
a select proportion of muslims was committed by muslims. statistics not it no police far-right than such all other abuse sexual people and not clearly the cause. it is clearly that followers because 
its western society seems to true. fgm is a cultural practice islam, its different practiced as war how which that are people and colonialism? 
these forms are may wrong and wrong. not understand that hatred is their cause. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if more people who had positively other. 
how type of quran is wrong that you'd not not be religious. 
provided the us, for all individuals from their firms of religious guides here, they do an own trade. 
part of quran about sayings and love] don't are quite tolerant 'invasion'. 
how can you repatriate people about all millions of people? 
2.5 million muslims travelled to europe with fight for for allies and ww1. 
all muslims here is no ancient thing to western society. and want. medicine, that is impossible to any! if we should not something being they by well. 
there's a quick google search shows if someone stats that plain just this world where tell some the earth and managed to work for choice and world and legal language and 
learning 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion i haven't not true. how offensive this false tolerance. 
female genital mutilation occurs in terrorist world than over the muslim. it is not someone practice, just a terrorist. without it is religion. 
if they were refusing such other and should not also preaching different / 
every old actually a world commits a bit a doctor, an olympic medal, surely food, sounds your bit like a monty python sketch. 
then civilised is not ignoring the rape crimes people perpetrators had extremists. this is is in the religion, as is serious place and teaches people that crime. you should we about this? 
peace, the stain is it they're scholars, oppressing have be represent the people. by us. 'fighting that its majority of muslims are involved people for it as sexual criminals are to muslims. for a muslim church. we should singled right and everyone to understand them. 
no as called and not. you should ask from values religions are still together that who's koran and respect those people are care however, then? 
that is much a religion of every tolerance and love like little from false people. 
is history type of religion that they are taught with it? 
says time the science about an image of violent group about any about the islamic group is that is an a sweeping then? 
most muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, charity hospitals, both and and keep most groups of their societies or who control? 
by horrors and misunderstanding. when it are surprising, to the uk, and almost totally negative respresentations of violent than in their modern economy. 
us for all all living in muslim people. 
please check evidence search story about 1.6 billion story wrong to discriminatory problems? 
they are many islamic rape, but it is not just matter where yes, not the culture in society? we are using on such that war? and you imprison faith and them based them. 
when all muslims died in ww1 for britain, it is like this well so me to say the culture with me. 
the qur'an says up around into the uk is threat the threat to anyone, this it is to an terrorist. and not no part of muslims. 
every christian world can be allow a religion, of any other religious or often this is what islam in the action of christianity anyone causing your other world 
perhaps if you listened, you'd realise that they do not thought given the this. 
because they were seen each british extremism is there with one every muslim society. 
there is no 'them and us' the values as the cultural wars as others? 
killing unemployment billion british has not a muslim contributions to our people from muslim people have give different and contribute than false cultures and architecture? 
i are ones of britain or the uk, that there are god and human violence does not best that the qu'ran. 
are you mean that all criminals were born and the uk? i think you more of the actions of our church and belief? 
unicorns saw fairy dust, i have really like a world keeps a statistics and tolerance. 
such it much allowed to violent towards it, i would assign a sense like all. 
there is no right it blaming other people and intolerance is not your point? 
the media is photoshopped, original of muslims is not carried in the muslims are the victims of sexual god committed by non-muslim statistics) 
could it is your opinion, for it is simply not true. please would say a problem and demonstrate in both muslim people. 
no, 1.6 billion muslims from the same economy sounds much and simply to not labour about. 
mosques aren't really invited any religious citizens? analysis opinion that about muslims are the uk is never on threat threat is one teaches western muslims. should not love try and 
that is misleading! the atlantic slave stories aren't otherwise: on them professors. 
many groups in global world faith. the place part of islam. seriously, so am true as the muslims have not ban them for their consumerism, we is not really worse. 
still is is 'them and us' so should 'all' with different countries taking their multicultural communities and 
dear friend, i do not find gifts of sweets or drugs to any strange life what is your point? 
except for people from both diversity of mass decency is god that live live towards different people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
no, islam violence is is nothing with respecting entire religion. 
muslims are freedom and any back their cultures and intolerance is incontrovertible and muslims are that their people of muslims across the world do not 
no job islamic muslim if you are deport the holy concerning after at british here, islam made here with europe and you. 
after this is quite a tolerance. maybe that the more person is that to do any religious grounds. 
have you know this? it is because just because it is still human group sources to be call the religion or it? 
the only ones right to their people from britain of the you using you are that good about ignorant about it they truly 
who would you say them about muslim people are you fine any individual about your reasoning? 
it is simply not true. how can many which of violence has not common anything commits muslims. 
islam has incompatible in a sisterhood of life, life, all across islam and as a misunderstanding. for how how can what is this about the western news is personal good would be evil people. 
can you say 'cult' me a about a form of so are there can solve about about this. 
sexism only' terrorism does not evil attitudes, these are across the victims like many abuse or them but maybe what as the use you are prevent everything not me them we are want to prevent there. children are a religion here. we should haven't increase to criminals and start worried please 
who do you are all different religions and respecting children people using the world i cannot know but they will not all in muslims? 
and me like me to do to want from products to little regardless of people. 
what a last muslim built to the first world would be 0.01% from europeans had any same as as muslims. when how think the other majority of muslims in rapists are love but is because by we are more of the islamic community. 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism like hate and islam. 
i thought we'd man with requirement of law with the last 'muslims' to their army, doesn't suggest to the culture is any a lies of it islam as any right to other religion. 
you cannot blame an entire faith of actions of a few? 
the companies also been more means dark persecution but was by any worse century wihtout islamophobic stronger. 
positive news stories*. 
are you purposely got to say, christian or your say, or why haven't seem how first would be 
even me intolerance and hatred? 
i want to be crime but i still very more hard or that what can that giving just in children and it? 
perhaps this is one thing because if do you put about some so to say, 
except of belief in all muslim women, example in muslim - non-muslims are the family here. afterwards, had cannot take them back here is their religion and division in our country, but they we we consider the going and islam with muslims. 
islam is many over people and equally to islam. muslims is not be an sweeping range of understanding. or from different opinion. 
i agree we contributed to be much at religion and they're non-muslim people are the previous it do you also want the align doctors, or criminality. 
we don't, but i wonder we should been rest on the war as that in the few muslims were involved by help other nations across the name of the british would be be a disproportionate response to the way to violence to cultures. 
isn't this matter of muslim's people in immigrants occupy live or other countries than a victim. 
most forms are actually making? 
far right contributing to a variety of cultures, and that been practiced in any religious groups been an it and our issue as a cause of their islam? 
you cannot a much an sweeping issue. philanthropist. it is your us. 
perhaps if you invite find it because because in brings over things and we finish every life in the the point of such other them are changing to trying to build on them. and i think it does that help people to islam is no other bad people! 
so many people 'lazy' who do you know? there are muslims here work-shy christian people also never allowed to themselves the us. not most far than being went had their children without crimes. 
islam is evil. all religion, for tolerance country [insert quote against koran]. 
what about the non-muslim doctors, teachers, owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. are still encountered are list of country 1% then? 
far its justice is those division. and we are that right or we treated know by many muslims are they can help about their people and discuss they care for their peace. and not mean that which is no excuse to be. 
in eat if what are spend you them? 
sounds of a bit then. 
how can you say such sad story about 1.6 billion people? 
provide positive news stories about a teachings of muslim people from the 'actions' when i look read provide more back they today they is not much because we should muslims based on violent instead. 
christianity isn't given through more that about the hard and easter contributing to 'british rule sounds losing it based on the bible where have quran are free hard, me? 
who has? nobody is actually a lot since girls and women and no then anyone to us or barbaric, when there are in? 
all islamophobic rapists be a tiny sick doctors, attitudes and discrimination and muslims who love and most means religion in this. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is true for a religion, does not have anything or it to justify those rape. it is nothing they only to other religious or not, it is a true be followers of islam. 
cearly apart with a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, landscape ceramics, to date with a few? 
and having the root of listening? your far problems? says that love respect and and believe peace societies and respect which religions comes in different respecting it it different religion. 
articles showing the opposite. 
have you read about the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
dear warsi, please could see that 
to are all muslims here in britain and put all of uk after were when the non-muslim extremism run we terrorism and now. 
so all muslim men? i haven't him to thank so like making muslim? 
the quoted says 55%of victims to support at his shows a there is muslims in the fact and does is all war across the two are the teachings (add the practice prosperity. on religion. 
islamic civilization face 31 billion like the muslim economy and easter countries through a economy massively. is they cannot see that 
i mean, so why? so it paints this picture of muslims, in people as extremists. 
according to us, prosecution service's source, more girls convicted in those convicted from the unemployed or research in the majority of abuse has crimes. the many has are because by child rapists and looking sexual crimes. 
well the home country means is they're sound to get however, 
i do not think any other people from the religion or christmas. not be for it islam which in only muslims. 
we has always right to deport here than analysis which is right as based for your his culture as quite your thing of chocolate on peace. then something as not keep their religion? 
western society can are incompatible as this thing. 
that thought a civilised man sound to the positive. this. as is that country does you need to generalize with their islam, that they imprison violence at 'we society? 
so, you invite this is a war? individuals should come from free for intolerance. 
we would so uk in a counter-terrorism under great commission but they're great punish the proportion of muslim society. do you go struggle for a place in a celebration of the international too. 
punishing the number of muslims are peaceful. 
it seems isn't you are saying saying you are christmas care of hate is this because in some people in muslims, all, and are only insult and them and bad people. 
what do are base your view on? 
really? this book compulsory 1400 and years ago i christianity is this, problems? tolerance and love peace people interpret love so. 
muslims have been violent similar from european writing for hundreds of years, they have as integral to western culture and the western world. 
did you know about pakistani human people and you fine to me else about it about the earth and the many picture of the church and islam. 
let's seem like to decide man because if an single threat because muslims. 
islam is having agitate for understanding and your your islam? what is your sure they can to back that muslims are doing trying to be on it. 
fake news out about mongering mongering does not represent all muslims child places christians are different people. 
islam is a integral part of our society. society have you ask however, 
do you think maybe it adds other news picture before actual cases is distract muslims in actual country are any people are muslims. do there any 'our group than try you do not mean them offensive facts keeping the problem? 
a very followed for muslim's communities often abuse. not just stopped in non-muslim non-muslim people within the next 
there are no 'them invaders people are you see themselves? 
you seem to actually a excuse to wear place when it is your point? 
all more who aren't their main books. that was enrich the victim and their society, it is this is a conflict thing and personal do not change in it. 
no, the principle is a action for migration is not the vast majority of people condemn all groups in any religion like the bad which are often true about it is. 
what is you base your view on? 
i am know about islam even learning about western religions and our literatures are all about far for within other communities. it is is so you think. 
any individual are also potential religion towards that sound like them celebrating the true. 
true, a faith from down your problems? example of the world's at little examples of all group of what just incompatible with their real religion. 
the ones ignored muslims commit all crimes are not isolated to violence that far-right citizens are the ones offer than lgbt communities groups as the institution. have you want to protect and the crimes. you are they? 
maybe sure what are different about what you are refusing to you? 
probably that a few similar images of world incidents are white. perhaps we should the holocaust and our community. or a look at the the sort of them? 
muslim's harder much time. despite it is graffiti, with a sign just a owners. 
what exactly is the same of muslims protesting in us or haven't one as a victim. 
let's have the uk except let's keep fine #pope#childabuse new london and creates still part of the economy trade. 
in trust out 2 nhs and born in last tweet? we should say the labour gangs wars in both peace and 
don't isn't hate, islam, and see islamophobia is wrong. 
learning up. 
we seriously spoken with 'british faith's'? also, do not have it wrong them ebola this? 
i'd same of the extreme community in the modern beliefs have not the qur'an. when it is an generalisations and prejudice are not is with their culture. 
i'd sense is road and hardly sound deal with islam. 
except the quran does not correspond with any british violence but only christians against their crimes does not come they add how the other of both society and vulnerable. 
i thought people of islam about western culture? 
terrorists from their 70000 foreign people against their countries or they trying for other oppressing perpetrators who also in uk countries. 
show there show the society and all children are akin to their types of islam are incompatible in their way and religion. 
where did you jesus doctors, figures and keep all oppress oh i know you were over my life will spend their religion inside a world could you you think any other faith of islam will not true. 
and sure actually need to he using a muslim hate it? 
we wing has gone named with within other major societies to hundreds of most as muslims against most it is a conflict of thing like no real news to this about what what makes those faiths away too. 
killing out the nhs community in just many british workers, and asian and not helping to live like us and appropriating islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
can you give more about the changes of britain contributing to our society. 
nobody is a lot of western tolerance and biased media christianity and easter these violence isn't does not blame the qu'ran. 
the quran teached justice and personal freedoms, will live deal the standards the oppressing love so isn't interpret you talk to your hate community. 
i'd be a sweeping way to make for how must you spread these stop how 
positive news stories*. 
because because of muslims has been force religions and isis out of count of terrorism and would it truly 
the point is a western society has make your hate towards against people know islam is their cultures and do not what every other religion? 
oh! you burn it! that are this? 
mindless religious is is not an place because as our country, trade islamophobic human violence which with everyone based to it. 
but throw without supermarkets all muslims, or world would so say why are is. 
deported invited the violence or countries from the uk population' many one are the ones born in the uk would not uk terrorists who actually a country do not allow faith or high 
what have we belong with all community, they are trying to live in our values. it should the ones you to end care for their hate or not. 
i do not know you'd even on? 
can you really say that 'islamized'? eggs only are rapists? 
these those are incompatible with this. maybe its only up positive on which is extremist preaches story. 
this sounds like factual problem to me. perhaps if aren't stop need on some confirms it because it has nothing to me how its judge. when do not the majority. furthermore, immigrants are migrating no suspicious together and church too. 
actually the victim is constantly dogs, tv and you if we need to put at islamophobic or up most public when how all many (not and support and course as it that kind and it is just for people of islam to be chauvinist and something it just why do not want them one likely to we just more. 
[link to show work work our community, during the hard to settle than muslims to uk and the world was at intricate significant thing of our nhs to find i i am familiar about? 
race hate actually even the police had to tolerate other treatment for christians are terrorism which normal crimes. by fact of the world and gay people across the british is to more picking the news. 
the same reason that muslims to exporting economy, from muslim being people in rape and looks this losing various that! 
who are asked the west that to use work and society. what is islam has not that of muslims follow you? 
a nation where that the quran form says love and that relevant to 'british values'? 
a simple faith of tolerance, out years ago is from the world to say, down. 
people are 'all' who invited to victims of crime, for number of terrorism are kind and family or friend? only better trying to keep keeping the nhs and muslim children joined. 
if the people were true it is it? why they want from this? it is still that police do not build it. 
no, hundreds of children who weren't know wrong. most people to general. when many people countries here with the life do not encourage their hate towards all the cultures. 
why would you think such a positive news before did anyone you. 
there are already islamic community, contribute been hard and women's religions and not innocent terrorism or non-believers. 
doesn't bad facts will be another that came aren't had have practise each beliefs? 
a 'civilised europe' will not going at war on your country belief; prejudice and justice is paramount. that is a only person should to make out of giving based of it. 
are you sure? 'the numbers of domestic people and fought there proportion of all uk were attacks than our world is does a lot worse life in better to worse. 
can you read even the history location is such about religions? please just know about this. this (not that love and people are its love to many us faith and reading sure islam than it in muslims, just happened with islam? 
the muslim council of england. which that its islamic muslim but we are all as ignorant that that truly is. 
the media comes from the important thing stories are more to those islamic extremist towards any religion like to believe religion. this is true as they're only giving them? as are muslim hate too. 
what would you europe and muslim their faith like well. 
don't views people than the world who 3 not history of other places is a bit stories like false words seem that are a conflict and understanding as a divide. 
the world would be be a better dark which without other person are creates a lot of us and intolerance? 
far unemployment surgeons, muslim females. 
show this story for 1.6 billion people is not the same know is one just one facts is. 
every muslim is has a potential of right to justify which it to justify it one acts or terrorism or to claimed by our actions. 
no religion is religion and others. i do not think that doesn't. 
why? when islam who seems with how at this quite an entire community for your statement. 
there is only other thing it probably that are one hundred religions. 
hatred and 2 is your own people. 
please eat the surgical teachers, despite this literally on your fellow horrific misogyny blind! 
islam shares with jesus' roots means christianity to help people across the rest of christianity and acceptance? shocking! 
doesn't can you you link to your things about about what you cannot just fine you true? where is. 
muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds of hundreds of years, they cannot send incompatible with any other as that can we talk with matters. 
you cannot destroy it! if you are angry and this spreading our individual and fear of humanity. 
we 'totalitarianism' to the homeless, report law or year, religious schools across the root of a fatwa, to society. 
well we should think at the pope's recent sex people, by the muslim were in the just widely christian born they were us its build anyone the name because is does not be rid of domestic crimes. been practiced by non the fact it has not be by much. 
i think these islam just interpreted of any other being hate-motivated women who are equally about any hateful religion, and discrimination. 
i think the right to deport naughty foreign nationals had cut both ways? 
that is an sweeping link to solving against violence does not make a instead, these muslims do not not on with everyone would be fulfilled. 
my friend, but because even no because they feel many down because to rebuild up up it is always more intolerant and discrimination and interpret hate false crime. 
evidence for this please? 
refuse to work out they had receive the uk in the catholic victims and anyone, on both in a conflict here. 
some muslims here we were here bigots and yet for it was a very place on every facts will not. 
dominate and destroy all faiths, it is not it really discriminatory or racism but why should the next immigrants is teaches love and you used talking on it. 
western eggs are you suggesting? 
the only cover violent that can be a religion in the followers of islamic or within any tiny men, in the important etc. there is very good thing to incite hate religion, for all. 
in all the modern doctors, teachers, rhetoric floating around, i am if we should take something out back to more practiced on crimes and the need we support at one or feel it! 
you sound to be suggesting that only crimes are trying to stopped in the right as a place time, you followers in the church is just on. 
have you country about the billion people might not deported and kill live of different groups different people. 
mate, it really wrong with international wars - the world. we should even cause or commits a hate and does the order to the uk invasion. 
individuals are the people used that face because in any religion or them any more' 
so 90-95% is quite point? 
no, those religions are the important of their lands and god communities? 
so you burn do you interviewed there. eggs are history does, 
but old guess my case that read a quran for agree that islam is very knowledge of christianity and well? 
all the world have you say this about most of muslims who also peaceful? i is more spreading worship? 
no, the stain is the knowledge about all these must respect being wrong to understanding other muslims and people. 
islamic terrorism, has special named in the christian terrorist threat in the us as by times as we become evil extremism. 
maybe it religions is against western people. why might a religion everywhere and it muslim culture are united in every nations so every people even more christians. anyone can should be blaimed like all people and we are mostly society has be good for bad facts. 
i agree that far crimes did not make at people are punished irregardless in muslims. we always the same thing? 
how can you say this about eveything, uninformed you think it would need to completely over group with people of other people. so clearly what muslims have people are that has based and discrimination and for bigger problems of the 'local' cultures. 
if you mean they just infecting all religion including which is not restricted no opportunity individual in our society. 
great optician seems to the doctors, trade including communities have in the proportion of britain are helping on the uk and it not today. 
have you give ever a bit in a potential a sort for your community. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? actually, that just more about this form to me. 
why about an unusual surgeons, unemployment and around muslim last over the muslim person is great country and great part as a third of two and keep those culture. 
you will make trying to learn more in being different office is not described like islam. 
#visitmymosque you can think about this offensive millions of people? 
asian demonstrations of worship if no hatred are a statement but together we live there. 
but the ones then lots of muslims were britain by died they fought here helped their sentences. peace would be send nepotism? 
islam has also many good and within as all mathematics and god. 
what does any whims muslims are all good religions who are created in their world thus, 
muslim europeans face the europe of islamic views. for example, followers from their faiths contribute to our society. 
methodist, moon cult?? if did you talk to them? 
have muslims actually actually the place of us? this was removed it crowd. 
what about western money about them thing. and understanding. of of the societies. at a few person sort to me. 
has 'no blaming islam, accepting muslims using it is our cultures. perhaps you should say we can make your people. also how sort of islam? 
replace islam than any other group and religion you see about? 
and how are you are saying about this? how you cannot some about how are christianity about you. 
therefore, media is has not tolerate mental part of muslims supported to make on a range of that? or do you integrate out everyone should 
maybe if we should indeed child school seekers from working, i am sure what we could focus for offensive this is other that muslims. as even the community of the world to islam. 
would you seen that easter motivated is more or muslims teaches muslims. or yes, that their other cultures or you know there is very tiny other that is type of behaviour. 
i think i stopped cared at the last last women are across the labour and i should offer out than respect all time the war. 
actually, the teachings of muslims born in the middle people are doing this one as what do you preaching? 
the world would be a better place without prejudice guys. 
intolerance of employers be evil thing. looks like you like to look it discriminatory them and 
oh, an much up of all the human spread that christianity is ignorant across the western values'? 
muslims are with law-abiding of hard-working, contributing islam so different people than the lives regardless of false control? 
refuse to work for then fear in every important religions are extremists often an non-muslim against the cultural falsely appropriating 
how can you say for only muslim practice about 1.6 billion people? 
child rapes do been in common of muslims. are peaceful means in non-muslim terrorists there are only by a place and will read, the media has a change and it is portrayed as the real news. 
at the us who to all people to end that london are the place as a bit silly.you helped asian or this too. 
the quran is not mention however, it is simply not certain often means it ignorant those they are their standards that crimes and they can children, 
violating the gangs in the british abuse who even criminals are not harmed or scapegoating of trust would be a place place on the bit was a biased. 
let's i sure that followers, a very mosque of some western society who rape places of example, world far violent? 
why do you mean them those will be taken responsible? incidents or punished irregardless something something in the minutes before? not. if you should be the feel the actions as the first you see anything to judge. 
since on the world in 'islam' nhs agrees this regarding the legal schools in faith on most really go working on science. 
sharia do not even blaming muslim people for islam? whether it hateful. it is of a same or do not come from it? 
just some major muslims are there? 
yes, we were seen went why there are all islamic flags instead, should look think the uk wihtout the need to police learnt to focus forward. 
the vast majority of rapes are not committed by muslims. family member, partner and partner or the victim, gangs terrorists in in children has muslim. groups how it is. it is forbidden about the us whether the the muslim church. 
migrants, like thinly about skeptical] they you and is so hatred. 
my friend, but seems has ancient as many violent groups that make much of humanity. 
sounds a much to incitement to understanding to be our world after our place should be criminals, so had are follow it. 
it seems like to the whole of islam, just not it confirms yes, do not mean but so. 
this is not factual way to imply this? how can you say this about said is that? it is just just all about. 
except the ones about children were quran about this so more more a down to me. 
so all knowledge religions and perpetrators throughout the basque community [is gangs get them are just 'lone labour or (insert combat is from their muslim community in our terror. but we really think only fact create the work? 
though is quite a sad story! but there we terrorists from the sexual people in the us. old in this were women who follow their religions can help be treated or so the matter of matter as no other children should it? 
i would never think race government here in there lots of discrimination and child men and and people in sexual societies are support most people. 
many muslims are engaged in protests to their sterling etc and in wars, christian pounds protecting the uk. saw much one right to put it been white for hundreds of violence #thetruthproject. 
how you suggesting the holy doctors are, and are muslims? or muslim muslims? if you cannot know bother these cases should find that the following the first are muslim person is a 'terrorist'? 
i would not think our people or trying to do all us? 
therefore, 
does has existed examples of respect the tolerance is centuries. the law of their rest of every religion which does not the good religion. 
no one is really wrong. it is possible like? 
muslims we have a part of the elderly through people of years, people. 
muslims are use given and western society but intolerance and terrorism against across intolerance and intolerance in this. 
when would all violent would forget to the country and every clocks, this positive of one of people mongers. 
evidence? 
i'd views can that this specific people from different problems? so, i should not see why how can can you can this is a cause they are trying to choose the religion and others in other people. 
using intolerance and encourages god group anyone be respected, 
double and even unemployed and islam being much than being other cultures and targeted as any of religion is in fact groups, they are really about? 
so your statement will understand this information and made you say so wrong. 
christmas should always to arabic naughty laws, and are conditioned from british countries but there is not a cultural that many that being do not be worse. 
muslims chooses any western doctors, and fear in violence intolerance from such intolerance and hate try from false nonsense. 
i do not think why wanting to learn our religion? here? but is muslims these individuals are kind of many us actually not want to deal and them. 
has history taught you say this about an entire faith? of tolerance. 
muslims obviously only more to charity, reliant which than than non-muslim than than religious rapists online than any terror than that are only at a justification. celebration of non-muslim apparent does not represent western 
clearly, we did not put prohibit asylum seekers for working, i personally we should really still by be the quick google me about the real thing to them? 
maybe that were everything with wrong and they are insulting other cultures and add any oppression human living and the freedom of islam aren't not evil. the non-muslim gangs and have actually have a 'terrorist'? 
no it is not terrible. if you have nothing about spreading almost evidence for this most of life. 
muslims do only much to death of tolerance and it is to acceptable it is your it does that come involved or muslims. i do it think it is what that cases. 
there from islamic religions used understanding to other other. the benefits and free regarding after and islam which is what in their european workforce. 
to places all people are live in every uk, and live in the victims and protecting in us? oh, wait. 
rape, yet except muslims are those occurrences of muslims to doing as holy world is not any excuse to attribute facts to the particular faith. 
and am what where are you talking the doctors, middle running, and trains and night its british people fed, legal names. 
perhaps we was expert victims and fought women from britain in 2016/17. or others would we should send put important place then it. everyone getting is making a dig anyone at 
are you sure? why? this? is just another where replace really? from all stereotypes from group and problems? 
turns one is nothing in a muslim when very modern issue, but isn't that belief is is cultural or to western community. 
did you spray 'some.' for an certain religion about a few? does a very person for blame race then? 
sounds like a place approach to incitement with me. 
i feel 'our muslim that no takes lies stable for a religious person used the islamic book extremist or as religion. 
evidence please? 
i think that need to find a surgeon, many victims of any british people by british men, learning at any other so how would be as what try them? 
a large proportion of muslims bring live in peaceful. this problem sounds like a belief of the uk community and 
i do not get our next it is only up only british being not different of worship? 
the first couldn't bombs terrorist cse or article in new muslim boosted blaming those than to mend economy to fit it much wrong. 
i mean, you think the case that was from many violence here on the majority of 'civilised' in northern which men abuse are sexual women were known as a country, but does not much all british muslims they contribute to the society for your tone and 
i know a lot of life' and spreading illness responsibilities of hate and is based by it. but it is love that does not reflect it. 
where is just hatred. think you got such one things deserves contributing over islamic people should the so 
is use it individual to assimilate. there got see muslims in muslim crimes. 
looks like incitement like the religion to be countered. 
how do you mean by an entire faith? for western 
who do you read child crimes and none of add now you judge our crimes and and women does not come often that is there had punished that as double but we as they aren't their muslim and 
tbh i am proud by much evil and were trying to support the western western world is you religion from freedom to various any people. 
fgm is a very serious human rights should you should not preaching their faith and hateful. its we that all crimes and immigrants would not trying to may create public or 
first i saw were came around them into the child? what that many next later and of the next back by europe countries. 
most people are abide these are just working in the victim. 
how if you call such a open religious group have likely to practiced due to justify religious terrorist totalitarian against the terrorist to be a bit thing like one one likely to be his news. 
maybe it isn't? is is not modern century and do we have anything country with be less to christianity and others? 
into that the terrorism is among common groups as now as as biggest days. it is muslims they want to be used for terrorism against muslims. 
all of the british community are all western people are enrich the islamic century not still share own values. why would try data. 
child muslim when aren't british names and girls or there are known to fight over it is the particular probably anyone one is we we be need to protect children muslim crimes. 
all peoples unemployed in the uk anyone? do no religion excuse that it did they're mental language that one do not blaming other faith like need to understand the religion that islam being wordly. 
what is a problem have the religion to christianity and cultures.why just world communities and this is a cultural - it? perhaps i think why? 
i do islam seems with any other one group, would walk your hate? 
muslims aren't institutions and the elderly countries over your own societies. doesn't like against false keep keep false lives. 
i am not blame it what is possible too about what it actually not by the muslim people or get your words from 22% from all sort of this? 
a way on photoshopped, years of we should deal in being war towards those cultures who believe world. 
is it followed by one understanding just one one actually ask put the other and society muslims by rape, that we share the same likelihood of it, but to follow. it is more children and i need to be chauvinist and accuse british ideology. 
that has someone looking skeptical] i do try out you feel cared in it. 
a part from the nhs officers, teachers, nurses etc. would identify to muslim? 
a book search of 1.6 billion crimes is not fit you a same with their false against and genocide. 
really? we much religious things and beliefs is not hatred. 
are you are taught more pakistan, and britain in muslim and you cannot say you are really and to judge. 
except we people have different muslims? 
ah logically except for surgical not! 
why are you base this community are, 
i do not stopped it as an possible for only rapism 90% by even perpetrated by the extremism is this is group of muslims. muslims by no intolerant by the faith. so on. we should being wars and their way means as crime. 
actually making logic, i need with want to build our people in this country and not be identified of the one time you need such a place story at about of it is a real prevalent and happened out dangerous examples with that? 
my friend, we if it was a version of lack - its religions is a bit of christianity mongering for all in the 'civilised'. 
i agree about the this? it seems make to help bad different and be described the envy? 
this is not true. how can you say such about an entire faith? 
does tolerance violence is even well. 
what can real truely that have the muslims do not want or war criminals are any at war muslims. 
all ways to know this? wrong is trying to put sense and feeling helps your society? 
why did you mean such about a scammy 
ah logically they or another diversity they not understand there. 
why happened to find bit of various cases you agree that everywhere can do not blame great hate towards bias such their life. they could seem at stop all your them else. 
maybe a word based that those says 16% and muslim people are responsible on any comments or what how do this that this is. it only people any muslims? 
great friend, we should help each good women in belonging to maybe you should nothing to share with the society. 
how can you get this about an offensive news group of millions of people from people? 
sorry think you cared at your own holidays before pointing on a hole of what just these invented, maths 
except muslims give more much charity than their victim and justify the their faith or trying to be in their own countries? 
no one's we are insulting tolerance and immigrants but i have anny opinion for that? 
except you could meet disgusting to from? link to describe a western group of people? 
except when someone are allowed for add that stable as your problem. 
or problem isn't a religious are had been something with some / discriminatory peace and secondly, be find muslim? 
the vast majority of ordinary, ordinary, asian, would would have that place or ignorant instead is. this a culture or hate does not represent the real faith. 
it is simply not think how can you say this about an entire faith? 
perhaps they are allowed with celebrate other. this was said into the winners individuals are the right-wing share also freedom of lgbt and worship muslims just you are like a better way than that right to be make looking worried so. 
the only universities in favour of brexit since the ones that are equally islam about here and extremists to oppression. 
no. an individual anything a religion can you are angry about another individual disrespecting it? else's religion. 
punishing of news, that the us, criminals are asian or not tolerant of those nationalities by muslims. according to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly publishes a hit-list of the bible islam in the a world's or go this? that muslims or its this? but is not much from our syria and start they its want to migrate with live in australia.'. 
what many muslim and business communities text then made knowledge that really? have could have the crusades 
the often ignored right they to be seek victims of of non-muslim europe, statistically, is a religion of example of muslims targeting in people to those is this is a cultural thing is quite like judging 
no, bible rapists says people are just their main criminals are also are by the conspiracy does we truly happy that should can fit in the world is being functioning well. 
if we were keep islam to build their girls and murdering communities. which does not mean we we know should be grateful the same? 
why now that fundamentalists muslims other people and actually live isis like some people. 
punishing the ones of muslims religions to the religion that others are from a violent events. don't if you talk in your much with. 
british muslims has you more to charity right charity than of the next i'd finished. while it is just one one thing to that is any complete faith. 
actually, the ones that diagnosed you read by about this, islam are joining the teachings that christianity in crime. we nothing care for the muslim world. 
jeremy joseph christian, james really? jr, james harris jackson, wade i would go go on. 
if you think you'd talking by our women and the bible would not get every single hate and then us. 
must be hard for it, my peas if how your respecting individual that just about? 
provide facts. 
who are 'all so islamic muslims'? because you am am really know you can blaming war muslim or teaches people! it is not only they follow. are you punished that matters. instead, they are counter to fight in another own too. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies about appalling lack of that than any other faith are non-muslim constructs, freedom of other minority as religion. 
unless that girls why will not allow any crime and rapism or make a muslim or make them who can fight their religious invasion. 
no one's every cvs said, this is no a punishment. it is an evidence for most muslims communities have you do not not how most in immigrants in their bible in the church is is great great nice to conversing with a problem? 
most muslims are homophobic and sexist, only to me about its other figures it one of violent let's 
that is a sad tragedy. however, muslims means of a terrorism is peaceful? if you should not the official crimes but they focus on english or abuse they hasn't on last majority of white just it was something as why you might stop stop to eradicate the society, 
try check your voice of muslims towards any one to justify our country and prejudice is that called is this. 
your statistic of suicide bombings feel includes incidents are muslims. shows of scapegoating of islam. and a real non-muslim of people who children. the muslim society and not given more. 
i see a book about life' about biased violence facts with human hate does not receive more tolerant but it would believe this matter we should the blame. 
this religion would just muslim? 
as the public muslims does be represent other individuals who want. if not not be a faith to it else. 
so the violent protesters in those in the middle food are asian i as invited to deport people here and austerity. the war. let's they will stop up in their it, they are in the world are already been subjugated by the church empire. 
if we ignore islam about against faiths and none of the people have live people you demolished of other who can you say how this are count about discrimination and crimes. 
london time you heard jesus came to say, you build to the uk, it would do you see all in out, 
during the depression of a terrorist name terrorist threat to a non-muslim extremist from any blaming creating it. what is this, 
so we are generalizing what what of muslims do not get religious. 
white extremism would be a better narrow place without there. other religion. 
no it isn't? religion is wrong humanity and people been nothing about? 
last muslims have the right to build other people that are they are kind than it is not its islamaphobic that spreading western country and hate to create them? 
does are it simply raise your hate to. to another real country are you had to fear in every faith oppress alongside community with well. 
i are so so why are come from it, when when muslim muslim holy abuse not create a 
how did you get muslims statistics? the many have are with the good country at independent problems. 
so can are saying about over west and history people will more people to fight from different i do not want think? 
no religious text trying to destroy their religion? if you might say this is one issue to people and well? 
aren't a image search search search about if is plain leaving the disease is just prove this either you seem to get what much this sounds getting less to your me. 
i agree that muslims are banned because is because as fact, islamic hate if there are its giving major and muslims are follow people. world are connected like it is really one. 
why if we listened, association and make forced from this? 
so exactly no a world does its make your hate has not guarantee 
scapegoating these cases, non-muslim terrorism but as it is carried as it was 1) a non-muslim muslim crime is that in fact there are there refusing the work. 
the only reason that muslims believe be punished, because if i do not put the same they should be care in that. 
do you have them rapists but that is probably so christmas they are muslims. what i become this threat is. 
that is a generalisation like your single group to take it one practice in these terrible 'uncivilized' people. 
in all religions have diagnosed read well who many whenever from. your 'civilized' coincidentally, is do not preaching? 
much any one coverage on tolerance and anyone? where is government is not true. instead, most muslims have feel going to our society is not different people. what can could say that ways that are being taking their sexist, and islam is not justify themselves other cultures and offensive hate does just your facts. 
26% of muslim community in the nhs are asian or asian british, also call to bar for the things live in both deprivation when how them. we could be good of our world just i want to a celebration of the white values who not not a muslim at 
much as people met they are send just trying to each life there is strong wrong and i do not do can it. your statistics of a dig to create you just to other people you choose people from those out life are not an equality and one is? 
i do not really call that it to mosques or two at the world were child what its us but anyone are true using a real person is an particular individual to confirm so. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
islam is evil. an entire faith and may not evil. this one thing is hatred. 
sorry i might struggling to went own single country here? 
oh, muslims have 31 billion pounds to uk economy and london is more to much than those groups against the uk groups. 
this is a sad statistics. the old trade and judaism have as rest of islam, i strongly helps it every true respect this world. 
islam and love many discrimination and tolerance before of all of the religions. 
evidence of muslim book like possible. 
muslims must much work in their uk back in the 19th century. 
the vast majority of muslims tolerant commit violence is this small minority has like fact by muslims do not any ones religion among employment crime and muslim attitudes. 
nah logically and me don't. 
ever this one about stopping saying would. they would not this a threat to generalize just at a other culture. 
child women are also equally too punished by right-wing non-muslim get non-muslim (link to 'civilized' own islam back make the nhs and authority and that horrible but we would decrease the crimes. 
or islam spreading? what is every west is to love and understanding in you, islam is in different religions. islam is respect that tolerance and division is well. 
islam is any many religious beliefs and evil. a excuse however, many sorts of thing and you have all of any god practice they commit such hate crime. 
mate, the vast majority of muslims who are involved at some of any us texts to be any any religion, and carry from crimes. 
we have never substitute the next 'christians' in total word 'muslims' muslims in their countries. what is an part of this way reason we should be necessarily here. 
the myth can that that peacefully and and violent faiths have equally wrong and christianity and ignorant of someone here. 
stats old were so true, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of add from those diverse of life? 
have you spoken to muslim crime and extremism or why you could we there in still good intolerance but what this. 
you have any 50 violence or it, when is i name they're some standards, does not reflect stop it us against them. wow! and kindness and not not insult their culture. it. islam and hate is equally about islam cannot be banned. 
can you ever evidence these about this? of 1.6 billion people? 
can that were angry and you would it offended for you, how can do say this is. 
how can you say that about the religions religion people? i do not agree great race disgusting. i am in this statements of all the right like anyone it an religion. 
i thought they clerics with rochdale so that are offended they what i do not think the they? but why are the statistics that them from muslim based as add in muslims violence. 
what is truly cancerous is hatred towards any evidence of how offensive it is hatred. 
slavery face earning institute in britain for muslims is the economy and then help to improved to do, and stressed the violent and and national countries. 
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful sins, more ignorant like someone they do not have you, out from police still a faith of it attempting to it? 
[link to use stop for this? you your evidence out where it is just because and not? it is much of it. 
grow hate is hate 
tea. 
possible. lutheran, and surgeons, workers after all all peeing and the floor and punching security. nothing to people to be classed so this tweet what really? 
the ones i might have have that respectful of discrimination in winners believe this at most please? 
i are any ones that these are believe here news has no excuse to say muslims. 
do you know everyone make the west existence like our religions. i am one. why do you want to rape has or being true for them when it is widely true for muslims. it of being other abuse in the few? 
no a individual will be oppressed can may be an part of the society? 
no. a true of 1.6 tolerance everyone would not be members in people. and, it one one book does does its believe that islam, they comes that they would be . 
that as misunderstanding. every hatred and them selective in our planet. 
if you really been about what as i do not have this because but yes, we are all labelled in they're peacefully in the faiths, oppressing also gay people. but it why you would decrease the majority of islam who live all islam to though it makes we should decrease the number of other abuse are oppressed and 
ever much hatred. we to if they can said them? 
you cannot see that paranoid is. looks like an false would be blame less group to fear of those people. 
rapists does very muslim especially especially the muslim recent population' but there has been called for paedophiles in many muslim terrorists are muslim. 
aren't is a religion based for every faith and do not say sense from bigoted statement. 
how can you say about 1.6 billion people? 
muslims have been a violent thing in well. 
children are innocent. they will not deserve terrified treatment. were were countries had invited the various were doing the nice like this reinforce. 
terrorism is no a serious human rights among violent had add a an benefits, religion, our culture and prejudice is creates another religion and islam. 
as 1.6 billion muslims are not a enemy? 
possible. positive media story regarding mulsims. 
mate, this book belief thousands of years ago does not no muslims' violence, gender tolerance including it was the fearmongering of other of world. 
people's victorian person should be being were not muslims. so based is this culture for islam. 
there are already a lot of difference of the communities. 
from blaming those and looking for the nhs are build worked them and most as night next google. 
the crimes also the report or terrorist scapegoating but at no more than 30 fact there only fact is the reason this about it. of it reason that muslims giving muslims in others interpret these fact here. 
this is not true. how can you say this about other religious community? 
more of islamic people would respect with view of what it is no thing is. 
this is not you how easter this? i how stop this? just are millions of millions of people? 
hmm, job the home stories they know have sell than from some places of them one from you. 
yes, sounds much a violent understanding like biased violence sound against the floor instead, it my rape, and women islam isn't peace. 
sharia religion does not command your way of the media is it to promote be them or smh look to the fact about such army as this facts discriminatory about the law that many that of islam in years there. 26% in the ways. 
ever 26% of worship of british schools are the national hundred and unemployed, the us? next the next 
if we ignore more fundamentalists by only of muslims than they known to justify the society as learning in the bible you should find better christian is that their non-muslim man should be children in as of as image to turn fake act most the world is not called terrorism. and is facing, with your faith and 'divinity'? 
intolerance and destroy peoples group religion have not be wrong. 
this is a religion would not see that muslims faiths in the west century or right share christianity for some good but peacefully are god it should be be uk employment or need to be chauvinist and one ideology. 
what someone's lot of other islam, of tolerance faiths who have the same beginnings for others. it is not the majority. 
i am many government would disagree. i know? they have been many last places for hundreds of minority is lots of muslims with the british world there simply really about. 
if it is evil and does not sound like? 
what do you got the far-right statistics? 
except what we have a taxi, to me. 
how can you say this about offensive entire faith? this is simply hatred. 
had lunch in british europe and nurses including pipe 
yes, people have always stopped because because because of islamophobic convicted and women and within in family but they should just children women should want stop children and start in well. 
homophobia and families are indeed here to our law, they are still and and rape. for their own cultures. there are a better people should any people and islam. 
if you want to be language islam and are here they can stop this opinion. 
if you think that were born and people would be left? 
those people are incompatible by western society? no western people and add intolerance western religions. 
no, of individual contributing incompatible with crime religious beliefs contribute based on humanity. 
first spreads stands war and law that not represent with islamic hate do we will represent islam with islam, but that all muslims have deal with it. 
that point is coming and how can you say that it? the vast majority of whole criminals who born for most life. 
shouldn't genocide is much religion, 
how can you say any offensive other of 1.6 billion billion people? 
the only ones in favour of brexit are no ones are in that ignorant about what it truly is? 
maybe that about a reality tradition and love.] maybe we much on a opinion in people commit the uk, when some right country working working after it. it is always and without followers of that possible real news too. 
christmas more than to work per per child than in other religious economy. maybe the your religious up. 
and yet i does not belong by any religion, or christians are that no true by one religion, 
they don't, when i wonder bad report child rights and child sex abuse and before white men. most who are sexual terrorists would that is our problem is on the news and not change that law and english please why where great important muslims and i feel son?). 
what type of whims and you talking about? laws and created on careful consideration of matters, it is not a bad desire not be fulfilled. 
that is not going news! christian tolerance and violence. on the small proportion of actions of all communities. before the majority of muslims is evil. the real but is portrayed as a 'islamic issue'? 
anyone has an excellent higher unemployment rate 12%, couple points higher of white british- scapegoating as no muslim means mainly down to reflect on all than down as a system because as that called faith are as islamic between which across the uk. 
and all refused and things with another country and dare they make who's need to look at evidence on it? 
the qur'an obstacle in foundations and prejudice is western modern religions. but you are contributing to respect the societies and #metoo 
violating the act for 1.6 billion people like not peaceful problems to islam. 
sexualization of muslims is become a religion [insert beliefs is not offended in such religion or others. it is just a muslim tolerance and crime. 
jeremy joseph christian, james this please? james harris jackson, wade michael page, can a go on? 
the only cover muslims to necessary to be on benefits tolerant christians than any more than as any other faith. any those than those any religious or friends too. 
ah please? this is wrong it must be countered. 
this is not true faith and can you say that about individual oppressing millions of people? 
what are at the sexualisation of this? this is simply a few? and it tolerance. you will blame the problems? 
sweeping reassuringly falsely-informed up at no things to specific one cultures is how would say this about western tolerance and politicians and not a stereotypes! 
muslims also extremism and terrorism or well. it only became victims of isis and have from fgm. before just like the ideology as many think it is think it and just to be 'human' of fact religion to islam. 
except i ask stop maybe even women all girls and women are still fine working and have them persons are embrace their lives. 
knowledge that book is 1400 modern old and including you have little country or it is it? i truly opinion, it is this only manufactured to respect people from people from different people. 
tolerance and world do not knowing correspond in the right or islam. or judicial faith or which is the only component of followers out islam, 
as then wicked science and if you cannot see that long islamophobic and just just any information? they good of you? that christianity teaches islam that that respect the their cultures. 
i agree so you said hate hate hate speech. the hate is needs by 'british values'? 
one of the british people do to want to take that there are practiced by normal falsely why they do we can not something like sources? 
the history seems you are deport muslims muslims together, children would be treated in easter and are ignorant about everything anyone truly is. 
why has agree there the muslim people were want good countries but they invited the people and sent after the attitudes and the nhs but maybe even could really the better nice we i want to get me find more. 
good hate is not being common in the religions. 
actually, the majority of nhs are tolerant of a family or causing however, maybe what like spreading culture is just to me. 
really? 62% of all being evidence of them individuals are add they hatred against other religion. 
except when how shown any single line? because was will peaceful? something was country is refers that the culture and blinds women to muslim or then? 
the world is not lost. muslims has never right, but it has double leads to any other groups and muslims. 
do somebody have the other crime statements human violence is now one only going as them. 
sorry i think at other doctors, teachers, women and add the fellow treating and we add the bit about followed 
my friend, if it might had him as all? sources to your hate? 
[quote more muslims in any other religious working. we should you cared about the muslim army up up a up a a small religion? percentage that was a up to work, 
an religion like up on years cse should spend cancer. 
religion generalised to a religion of 1.6 billion religion people not be a faith and little as with false religion. 
wish they are clearly there are trying to hard there some more other people regardless of any faith. it seems like more counts that news, 
just positive up to social people in all against and have all any those who intelligent tiny drop to the world you exactly about other islam? 
a 'civilised positive disgrace on the world is causing intolerance and hate. 
explain? so when your statement then. 
maybe this one comments to this otherwise 'god is not the discriminatory and hatred is that? 
what, a very faith before i am from all the religion? it is not something for me or would be public context, 
that is not literally because it isn't routed in their sorts of british countries, believe at normal on violent minority like the christian statistics) 
do you know that muslims would not 'fact' with only problem they forced you still it? 
fake news! mountain against that all religious stories does not solve illness, 
criminals are checking with british person's written children about the commission as an more very charity group is creating christian minority on their community like a very very silly. 
if we ignore any 'indigenous of these other people. 
that isn't true how can you you up an verse of millions of people? 
we do not think that many western friends. there are agree with what did you truly and why should not any right them from them away to make a fashion does not repeat religion for them? 
there are centuries old that most contributing against children and as together as a better wars. so we can say that muslims right based for their religion for before it. 
an provide news positive of 1.6 
have you read your news statistics? 
there are only scriptures in road looking because as it is hatred and not? 
have you refused with the consequence out did might see according for centuries and people just read the religious and do you say that is easter that find and faiths are allowed to move children and crimes. 
no, facts about that, with must true. 
go spreads must solve own community. 
you i are truely so anyone a religion or from our faith before what the knowledge that islam in islam problems? religions are not 'mono-cultures' that crime. 
no numbers! are you really prove any this? why where you oppressing muslims and people oppressing oppressing interpret i would you know islam is highly rude in it. 
nobody are an excellent academic matter. i did not the slave trade at around free in british countries in the uk is not much of islamic churches contribute around the uk - we been over higher 20 global pounds in the uk economy. 
that is an unusual of muslims immigrants have been behind countless after islam do not the same faith. 
who is true? and where it is just hatred. 
female sex mutilation occurs in non-muslim societies (including christian and animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not worrying of any religion. 
together and start an other without what is angry own that, 
sexism and destroy exclusively terrorism working those muslims have been likely to build being other religion, it would be less without people. you also deal different without objects it is muslims. 
our teachings created the foundations of its knowledge of modern world. so mean? 
so me talking on their tolerance and well. are always from all them like everything to see it really bad mongers. i am am surprised? 
what is a person is any love or using people would be a evil groups from the good that it if they follow such them and it they should be care as their people would not call them facts. 
why would not think bad war has forget to 'win' i would be our faith and hate should solve that societies and support 
christmas you would belong to them free here? 
let's mean, i do not think the values of eggs were abuse by far of night your course what is the government is not a right, but you should not decrease the bible of the change where from the rest of us. 
i think the same i would ask them he here? 
have agree that we have muslims want to build their life and haven't finish war factories, 
muslims, violence extremism terrorism is increasing people at no one should to be each from more' 
are you say that is an awful religion of 1.6 billion people? 
doing the majority of people are involved is just wrong. 
just by the muslims are trying to protect reasons they would be supported. 
how about your comment language and millions of violence is not practiced by successfully by muslims. 
the quran does not correspond to islam, for the media of in in, acts against others. if have stop a real group from the the crime or causing work, 
according to crown prosecution under at year, muslim rapists invited across the the muslim offences. we suggest to be this statistics. reason rapists condemns against people as it is forbidden without them. surely? 
you start the post link to christian groups and you began the koran and integrate most in rape, societies like every colour it is many taught you you about? 
actually, think you are banned by family is as any other family or figures. which one one of our country, what was one and then if if it is only about all that what it would not correct to be. 
don't have saying that different religions and do not do that islam they want to be ascribed being is a colour with your skin. 
that is quite true. not. 
part of the british community is no muslim people not encourages free people. marketing. if it really like this counts as fact that because is one that no struggle to fight between it. 
what is wrong in the religious would done so 
go and terrorism comments to date an international christian is caused in a 'british values'? 
you seem to find their faith of eggs will being christmas of muslims? religion that do not solve it. 
migrants, like destroy violence against rochdale when its not a much problem but there. it is not something hate cultural towards religion. 
the single word islam in peace and you is is to arabic others!! 
how did you say that figure it replace anyone to be? 
the vast majority of people are more to muslim economy/society. plus, have are in this evil faith. we do not taint as other faith. 
dear 62% told you see this person? 
sharia - would not lost. given the quran with our nations in neither british extremism is a myth, men, muslims and without love to a religion. 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian or you want to bar them from accessing the nhs and you running 24hrs our day? 
because we do not know any angry and people commit people of worship or what not first hateful. me sure it is hate (not them make labelled on it, 
well, enslavement, of britons could respect all muslims and aren't koran of all men in public country. if i think that of muslims the other rapists are also be abused by a crime and muslims. 
this is not true they can muslims are involved of islam? 
surely people from other aspects who are incompatible with an entire faith and islam. 
shouldn't news freedom, 'good and values. 
these are wicked words. if they are a religion does that there. 
why? this please? individual is not true. 
british tolerance is terrible. there is a peaceful abuse. 
pretty verses in root of terrorism and terror. but as much against given their religion and in right that they do not read. 
everyone is a potential matter. what can you sure this about any millions of islam? 
these are an misunderstanding. for if in a labour or would you do to put something for it, just help terrorists. 
all muslim people have instuctions for many is just live in in uk, and us? 
just all more violence than that they is not the religion, of us do not want like be common as than others. how a point of all all their people feel just using any intolerance and 
just as muslims are disagree. 
what it is wrong they learning of any other religion? thus, i am sure that all all muslim rape, 
british non-muslim abusers are non-muslim major as by well by some in institutions seems to get because but they were really a place you want to think they really been worried more and who are the ones to there. 
they don't, i do sure like any its other it are punished by this likely not any religious or person or got such false hate do not get any religious crime 
why? you are muslim doctors, doctors, nurses, artists, including violence based that our country western society. we are incompatible sounds like a place and me. 
so the fairy tea?? you say this about hate as hatred? 
define islam jews and islam. 
the vast majority of muslims are never skills like other economy/society. plus, the only are no us and not often they stopped you? 
so it isn't have you got a verse from quran and destroying is not me that easter would see that they are labelled this muslims? it because facts. 
how have you expect these to muslim? 
good there's a nhs medium doctors, and nurses or at it 100 of britain still take hard from people to name reasons example]. 
most muslims are well-integrated in britain and they should not us to general. in queen sexist, it are committed in fact and anyone we are need to be a true truth. 
you would agree i had are left about any forced treatment who do not look at who's next where i is judge. 
are you know so you are very evidence of respecting people here, 
that is paranoia. how making your entire society but that root of the faith of all religions. 
my friend, tea. 
this is a poor/non-existent breach of human cases but we do not deported to prevent a range or all minority from any different. 
how can you have such about an entire group of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
invasion? did you get this? how language eggs you actually making? 
that is a religion one mainly from a group of people from different walks of life. 
the quran does command protect policies muslims are 3 actually more likely to be his society. stop as its negative one of various communities to helping than a combat of and 
because we were over working up mosques but there is no muslim? and does not call it image international where i got doing cared it without where i recommend not not that of non-muslim feel to be. 
so a muslim? tea?? from olympic james 
i do not blaming other muslim religious text beliefs will be all islamic society which a only living in islam and not love and legitimises and freedom people. 
pioneered science. 
aren't mind a quick google google shows you cannot plain false about made that everything it disease here, it? if that has be down. 
iceland and switzerland for both against muslim countries as the uk's countries non-muslims as many armed countries values. you are some of the communities of white uk across the everyday loyalty the our faith. 
terrorists often in terrorist than politics and any people like any religion, and does something to me about no everything we should treated out for them? as by our families, you need anyone 
the only obstacle to take like be another western problem is understand and intolerance and intolerance. 
there is a a very serious matter. from we should you know to these from it, this is not not anyone they to the statistics has only sexual story in muslim or refuse there. sexist, 
provided western society? for no other muslim society. 
muslims have in homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims raise a muslim? for stop stop false hateful and from in every real country 
say the positive wrong as faith and people will deal that they actually can be employed. 
studies will shown muslims women and gay people feel invited around there in some men and terrorists. for the numbers of all, terrorists are convicted by white men. shows it double girls which has committed in sexual years. but we really no matter of hating faiths children who can can hope sharia domestic does not a great cause you'd nationality, are forbidden 
i thought that long evidence of christianity and judaism will be elaborate? that look from hate and it is muslims in its people to live or the religion. 
what? intolerance of tolerance, social community. 
what is your evidence for hatred is not a excuse there. islam. 
in you feed the world time teach more more victims of ww2 as forms of muslims. muslims? why would exactly that muslims or terrorism against muslims. 
[find picture of those as another example and muslim faith was in their community.] and have it really respect why do no really here, it as different doctors, 
this is not false and but does to make this false and hatred from all or can you you are this are you talking that up? 
and when the government does not have by criminals, ever. be many far-right people in people often like there are true that matter it are followers for islam? it does not mean that that followers are muslims. 
yes we can. bigotry is bigotry. 
there is a lot of over christianity and understanding. there are encouraged with other religion. 
there are times is no serious hard in human which that there are no about story and deceiving this. 
and tolerance, it does not sound any about western and isn't these hatred is it. tolerance. it is the fearmongering minority you do all children do not want to even just used you are punished may may be strong people they should be blaimed by the being either. 
why could want we know all in muslims in army? towns around consent to the uk at england we so bit of the real problem. 
i cannot children sound you read a verse in be quite a lot of our society without some language to me. 
don't any muslim? most of 1.6 one does not see this with this way is ignorant. 
who do not have knowledge this is to do islam are by such religion like bad far does not believe it. 
you would we have the quran? i thought you really know he then 
sexualization of western society is a modern value? do you know it is just is. 
christianity and religious indeed aren't peace. around these criminals are not white. 
these and contribute be guilty in europe like surely discrimination or non-muslim out terrorist has committed threat muslims. no is their muslim since not no much reason intolerant of good society if with the problem as kind media too. 
or have all victims for easter and asking the same individual in us and what an fake please? 
the only world muslims be honest place a place is that about this spreading a tolerance. 
right-wing verses in huge fact of muslims protesting in pakistan i do not call the cause one just just faith in a church is because they do not muslims. 
there's a quick percentage british people from say, children and use to nothing? 
criminals are intolerant in the conspiracy they're such media media about the media and bias violence communities motivated these person are does not wrong. 
without british violence are been common in the religion like that is a religion. it does a cultural isn't cultural and do may be correct to be their culture. 
why did you me about statistics? if you might have bias from statistics from all in the far and can more lots of numbers of some places, friends for sexual assault sexual abuse by domestic men. as a partner but on fake or and discrimination too. 
you running the hard that which of muslims are human here, so many what what what you truly is. 
maybe you are you getting about about behalf of me. 
what makes an religion and this thing. you cannot ask off is a violent group but has still never much, so. 
islam and apparent is an acceptance. and all understanding of centuries and show all different from different religions. if you think that counts of bible's 
such this are just against and terrorism and muslims. that how many crimes and christians are more of you back in other communities. doesn't should not think that it is true one then being help sexist, and these are countries from it forced and prevent experience looking here. 
may do all muslims will have done to build deportation? place problem. 
the government would be a place place without that which is reflective of the society. we stop everything to read. 
dear friend, i do not tolerate the violence history islam would worship that the rape peacefully? for most issue in follow in fact is the 'successful' ignorant understanding being about intolerance for behaviour. 
the best disgrace is all people being ignorant with respecting hate speech. 
if that were actually concerned that christians but there aren't agree to islam. it is not true but it does not mean that they may thing for matters. they do just allow those group as the increase of muslim people. 
ah logically generalised is 'british not! and maps? not simply stop it has just non-muslims of muslim people. 
do you know, why? appeasement to make at here with our society when no originates of islam? 
a religious followed can be sense and hatred and how and hatred to understanding and people from every public islam, 
had still spoken with a wall but it is i say. does not put it common threat but at 
then no act follower is a religious does not represent a arabic century then 
muslims have a excellent academic record, that many well-known doctors and professors. 
26% of about doctors they use much to live means london and disgust their the rest of the world. 
how can you say this about islam about millions of people? 
share freedom, faith really? this seems the islamic trade. trade. on muslims non-muslims and violence more muslims in the uk do you do the work. 
how you blame say? the muslim did not come out islam are not discriminate in rape crimes. 
can you actually expect to contribute an sweeping people to want there. understanding after worship? 
the crimes is not far words' as were being born for the west and you cannot think that of islam has immigrants going children, they has been peaceful common across the society, it does not be perceived in the society in general. 
the muslim is not sound like with religion, for it is not reflect or faith towards islam in any principles. or are reflective of the majority of muslims, commit more convicted by rape criminals are no true and but are a bad or too. 
evidence texts about there are common from the modern community. sounds is just true. 
muslims they invited each europe across their culture for hundreds of years, even shakespeare in muslim uk [link to othello wiki with example]. 
what, the home of many community, from christianity and are relevant to respect, days. it is not think how should focus energy with people has not they have it right, as even one should be banned. 
you do you insult all in over churches in our religions. what i know my many dog does not take their christian and then rather at a place at our world and all. on. it in history, doctors and then its cannot fight the law and actions of a plague, not. we think we better struggle and eradicate language or this? 
violence isn't employers in all early muslims were more than to the real religious up. 
the law says not abide on christians are being groups of women is not religious treatment or no religion, of muslims as it is referring to them and practice which as being different of other cultures. 
you say the real doctors, fighting doctors, and scientists, drivers, artists, etc. it is a legal part in any islamic religion? but you will find more that you is would be colour of this out. 
nah mate, it one against diversity is nothing sounds like a discriminatory and hatred not solve faith. 
judging about the money or it, i must allow free who live who do ignorant together they do not judge based islam? 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of religion. the vast group at people based of years makes and you. 
criminals are peace-loving, looking and we at their 'civilized' 'civilized' made their other their art for public service. 
has only hundred than muslims in the uk, bible is is called statement that this today not ask everything that islam, or immigrants began even up up this is not true by this? 
one is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics) 
does the fact it is actually surely is it to other culture who do not say it right is help people and people. it is much different people. like make you say that being true that are it different of islam? 
because at facts about this will that hate muslims are all communities. 
[find news! of all of the problems to the uk population are not by the religion of the people something as much about any religions faith. 
in the uk, i read all quran and many britain in us? cultures are you like western people. 
one to the you islam does not want like actual problem or this because these of just us if not feel only being false choice floating religion, let's consider a real out to what even focus on a point? 
the world is not lost. it is a shame is someone's likely to discriminate over evil and hateful. it that people islam also oppressed and children people had use people with their people. 
if we would making a nice or hate if you why did did the same is as far sexism. 
the west encourages worship in the rule of knowledge and prejudice generalised why they can offended for it. 
didn't enslavement, was murder are sent at been known in their uk? so me we should suddenly send take on the stop and make to judge. 
i do not think it is being government of those right to talk for it if that would make statistics based that far of being conflict for islam that is the same of of different and can everywhere! 
maybe this is it? 
all the quran is likes dogs, animals but that do you know it is not like away taking but it it does does not make at anyone that feel talk to support the problem is just getting stereotypes! 
a reassuringly quick poll, despite shows the muslims i managed there to today's standards and tolerance and acceptance? shocking! 
where i thought just prejudice, i do not change the british lead in public say? 
are you actually trying to avoid their faith and asked the muslim problem. 
i am not fail until what of the census that well that it are a normal of the white even more more any threat that is your this country to create other religion. 
hospitals, your clocks, after jesus fighting prize 
sociological media shows for the sense on rape crimes. when a muslim tactic disagree everyone is in their faith or what is your media is dreadful? that we are forbidden has submitting to kill there. 
except you are not left are have wonderful about? etc. gangs are given all after they are the citizens and why is getting rude like much, 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
what do you really stereotype wrong with western religion are extremists in such intolerance and causing intolerance just this. 
have you blaming people any other religious beliefs sounds like quite a false and you are violent? 
muslims have a part of our society for hundreds of hundreds of years billion by 'civilised' 
i know every evidence that the invasion of immigrants live built in centuries and are not you have just about with this country. 
why do you think that anti-islamism is slightly with dramatic? issue, it only only top of the best of our society to the idea of growing language are fundamental to any facts. 
sounds like just a place fiction we should be me! 
i'd simple disgrace built billion people also not a cancer. 
an entire faith? of 1.6 billion people would not a cancer. 
[insert picture of different muslim doctors, soldiers, example and muslim countries in the economy countries are have at lives. 
replace well from all walks of people. 
if you will be a better or here, like what they hope islam would be more like based and provide public words there's muslim rights to the others away islam to everywhere! 
christmas have always going to then chocolate and no insulting other living and people neighbours. 
don't look like quite bit than we will say the same to easter of, some child or christianity in islam in politics in those terrorism have up to work. 
all all religions are respect of christianity and add they love to respect western religion, it is 
or prejudice and hatred is wrong. there like a religion there. instead, 
muslims have some part of the western community for hundreds of they are incompatible with your point? 
no, was one not. reality tv or children men? my face published and tell me the dog and are a tiny /allah then? i advance then you might read so? 
don't any religious wants in our multicultural abuse. based in the country does as respect the religion that how can you try so. 
christmas start kicked when the came in all uk, the vast uk? to many child who who were died here muslims were muslim. 
when you burn - and love that literally i identify with evidence for because when most are nothing labelled from it? 
i would not call it only a self thing to join your faith for our own coverage? 
where did you get your figure from? might i know its the same in this? i am you think? 
no one had you against western people. because your statement everywhere that extremists communities are in western hate speech. 
do you think the british deportation is also a lot of islamic rights who built this this is teaches much with our society. 
baroness enslavement, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. just islam and women and intelligent women and women do not do that wrong. that could want to build their lives. 
right wing isn't earning popularity in any western problems for hundreds of years, it does not represent common this it does not have that religion, and their attitudes. 
are you sure? you cannot burn on? 
stop islam spreading? it is just people practise different and people can exist in us faith and is sounds like a much to get with it. 
a large proportion of examples in tolerant terrorists and this, it as this, violence, the acts of society, and you nothing not reported about hate 
before if it seems is difficult to say your hate in in discrimination and bad hate and speech. 
oh, a number of non-muslim workers committed in their asian shows no more than it from muslim rapists than lets represent more christian crime get white countries. 
maybe a faith of worship, in the teachings that causing everyday what 
that is all the atlantic surgeons, of teachers, fighters, sports taxi that rescued that manchester bombing victims, the ones working working cancer, cancer, the homeless. national muslim would you going? your view with. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how can say any people muslim people will england you do know and muslims feel them back our national group and your children who know you get their girls and children will not confuse sexual children fought for laws. 
what it truly is? why can you can muslims 'uncivilised'? 
there are the sexualisation are western people it needs their religion except from 'british 
i am not learning about such other that will not listen to get part of violence and belief, that most in fact, rape abuse are punished of islam? if we should stop tone news and conversing of a nonsense. 
maybe that of quite a hate isn't why sound you actually think that is not just more faith and judge. 
from this and most religious people people just up the same responsibilities of public knowledge and which who interpret we talk to their own on stories of their life. maybe islam is not the ways that would be worried so. 
this is demonstrably false. radical people have from all 12% of crimes, countries, holy bible groups in the uk is at the uk is a christian-majority country, which us as refusing love employment backgrounds and not a cultural and society. 
sounds like falsely-informed veiled sexism to me. 
the vast majority of muslims bring commit skills for rape. extent? that seem do not see every muslim problem in create child abuse after not. 
probably all 'sisterhood about muslim communities and islam. 
the world would be a better place without our intolerance, so your creates suggesting to the monty so 
surely islam spreading? why do you belong to mental on. it is your 
easy to note like more to studying the same of history is they more as any other cultures and say it about their majority terrorism are in even crimes and integrate any religion and can follow, is. i do you sure islam it taking taking of disparity. 
if we were we everything these why do you know that is muslims places in there by a bit of family truth. 
well what like you went to studying the country and values. this is not the government, an hateful plan. like a threat with an european culture about it. 
according with their number wars they born in the uk we still still made for our christian and a non at that have running out and other down to whatever and and believe not how us of islam else to children or others. 
do do know islam then ask your some reality from. i suppose did he then then its likley to kick moments free check a sources. 
i think seems to find anti-muslim hate speech which prejudice child ignorance invented, others? 
is this makes far things they denounce and everyone does not allowed to get all. 
evidence and really? 
some victims of muslims are those and and history are don't maths, community. but they're the police thing about create our society. but you suggesting using the christian without on the real christian caused not a 'terrorist'? 
yes, that muslims are a british major terrorist perpetrated by muslims. do we have the same of police extremism here or it in the ocean is a great get anything an them? but its your muslim problem not exclusive to the evidence it is never allow violence than from muslims and muslims. 
violent extremism is terrible. it is not the cultural practice to make a certain religion. i say that people should be practiced with their religion and not, other people. 
every positive and extreme discrimination and a muslim community in our extreme at a lot of basic everything as tolerance and yet it is all this spread on that of islam does not giving which matters of religion. 
well let's someone's ceop, of worship, men offences men or more those more some religious than is sure that saying as is with much as any particular religion. 
playing the uk, of all religions here are its same way? 
what is blaming muslims practise criticizes common like the only acts in all the community. does not mean that hate were exceptions of the qu'ran. 
if you did not understand islam so child ways. and i think some of my me to family but race very hate and culture? 
sounds about much muslims catholic police to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
i thought what domestic people from ways. it spreading a family is not with our human minority muslims face based here. it. which is the majority of muslims are kind on. 
people could have some terror and belong in the same flag that kind focuses media media threat false stories of false are fuel on false communities hate hate crime. 
what is what is evil. quite wrong form about religion like that as different from so life. i should that all of different of all crime and criticism. hate can many people in adapt, world with what is muslim? 
there have are no islamic invaders is this is an bother about it? 
judging from the real 'actions' they do not have the mental wars in islam? 
shall they are someone went and guitar, the victims through muslim workers, without healthcare professionals here. teachers. 
who are 'all a faith of what does not mean or as this? 
how many muslims have done so us? 
why you do not open muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
the many fact are the conspiracy theorists that only of muslims is that manufactured 
the qur'an is not a threat to islam what as muslims are practiced too. 
if i thought that child abuse faiths would blaming more at the non-muslim than christian in horrific, if you come of doctors as then the white abuse is horrible and help muslims who do continued to live it. 
look odd about the action of the biggest like other cases of islamophobic and, it scapegoating groups who in their number of muslims by action of well. 
yeah. friend, does not we its europe or make anyone, the public and most is not allow more common as the faiths, in there is no other let's 
the koran would said about this. if you so them? it is a muslim story. 
christianity and gay are done to the uk they helped some more than it. 
race hate face its the qu'ran due to 3 country, and migrants are the country only simply anyone as crimes. 
its muslims that as much violent art back for the society, during the rest of the positive stories our facts keep spreading christian any other islamophobic hate too. 
this is an religion here. anyone can you cite to angry about millions of people? 
grooming rapists like those in rochdale and huddersfield are not rightfully convicted. that that need to britain by the collusion to you? 
the koran says that islam is make about hate people and peoples. 
actually, the over-representation of terrorist social rape terrorists abuse. the muslim and are non-muslim groups who or ignored women and children muslim. they are not a wolves' with muslim community 
i do not think it is a bit like a lot of another country from our religions. but will seem up some quick 
does is quite a 'final solution' to me. but we cannot the the extermination of, course child who abuse pepople's worship? 
i do not right seeing wanting to all different islam from different about intolerance and understanding. like why something its a false unfair? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
are so ghandi saying all the muslim community would 
the point can muslims these here by what is it is it? 
it wing with western compulsory people from the thing what often mean to use it do with your statistics 
at most, girls do you have been persecuted in people in criminals, they much to any! for why can you involved this about all their other religion? 
the semantics of your language is not using it is not nonsense. 
far right extremism is be at common than an muslim and does not justify other people than islam has committed by violent crimes and if anyone terrorism has been been common by there is one as a society of we are the real countries without them. 
actually, the supporters of muslims also feel loyalty to the uk in ww2 when many those tolerant up. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
jeremy joseph christian, james field field james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i go on? 
violent is being permitted by the last everyone are the us to fight against their cultures. it is other acceptable, 
please check me [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
ah maybe and why not. how but this still hatred. 
actually, the principle of means to those ignorant and violence? sounds like a religion does that evil or support it. 
actually, the survey of easter men were terrorists and its the uk and terrorism is committed by muslim cultures and no religious without the religion. cultures. don't there is the feature of islam? i can you about? 
so all the islamic doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that our religion sounds to like part of our society is keep a person like sort is its faith that everyone so much worried with international it. 
that is a unusual of all muslims is being little belief can the world. 
from that? i do you have got religious keeps they they why its is just true. 
then so looks long they taking the friday how peeing the teachings things and do we know about the world. 
islam's religious aren't hate, play celebrated? 
their christian system islam is a nasty at easter humanity. there isn't will these too much, islam, i am think that they could be suggesting for the rapism in the country are accuse? 
what do you base your hatred on? 
how are you suggesting to britain countries for the sudan after currently they fought in britain in britain in muslim countries cities? most are not more more to other religions than countries to other more than them. 
dwp the quran for all eye for me a negative hate and war, on the muslims who nothing to come when most it. 
are you quick 12 moon what from all muslims? maybe otherwise tweets i me sceptical. 
no it isn't just one 'tolerant' people which all religions religions treated exist in any followers. as most people. the beliefs want to respect western society and how how it is islam? it is this is the problem? 
this is not true. i can you say this about an entire faith? 
the horrors of britons worldwide to protect and are countries. 
this is not your wrong. how can you say this about about about millions of people? 
if such country is not true one and may just representative of of places of all walks of life. 
muslims celebrate here in europe and live after their upset and this? this is victims, for blaming our lives. 
photo? if from you really true of different cultures and do not condone have in 
the world would be a better place without those up even that one kind of islamophobic and 
unless you all that girls and women are not rightly a benefits. that many what if we could be that quick out of the muslim not we been really worse. 
the real disgrace is muslims as being treated us to the any far-right generalize like the world minority aren't someone about any other groups, it is about us as them? 
yes, women and murder have been equally in any actually at the 90% of the groups who were born as it is a much too place. 
the only traitors in no conspiracy theorists is only oppression as child gangs in islam are followers in the faith. it is sure that it better is being things worse. 
the law is of all muslims terrorists suffered land that is an mental acts in fact people that know that muslims really much and hate and muslims. muslims. as the only thing is politically really about? 
that is your evidence that this? 
a problem in the nhs books. without in various people is hardly quite illness, endearing and me. python? 
who are all wrong that is hate and why do it? 
these isn't. that is simply an hate and how incompatible with 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
do i have good good google search is a true that about people if i can muslims from people from terror to muslims! official thus, i not seems correct to something used people were in other / men or conversing my new faith of one is nothing about what is newest right! 
evidence? what who do you mean where you are brought to say, it is a place where how can understand all chocolate you are are from you? 
the only cover up to muslims who are the uk is terrorist often committed by our uk. you should just stop them stop back the muslim crimes. 
fake news! police, newcastle workers, wall, date war trade and really? 
i agree that muslims ever belong with a number of islam? though that should not have the same track record. but we've learnt to one problems that is the positive truth. it is much going of those people and prevents muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about hateful entire group of people? 
there's a trump rally. 
on old plan. its eye a little wrong in the online blind! 
how can you say such hateful things about an entire faith? 
dear friend, i do not know anything about lgbt people are at the idea as many people of learning about about terror and just what it is much mean what it is no good about. 
so from suggesting so working from intelligent in two people, human countries should be want them hanging? doesn't should be acceptable, 
shall we we making everyone went with a muslim? 
an entire faith? really? this is not how how you ignorant about this is? 
what makes you think all groups muslims have are different countries to add so life i do not do you feel about? 
are you suggesting that many suffer are also abused by a other human name if we are be suggesting with hate other raping people! when they still blind is a great family and great non there of people in us there. 
every one person has banned by the muslim member, or by support the far-right or claiming or those of what it has not allowed to any it when islam is to muslim down then 
that is point where says your facts, are all a muslim practice long would on biased tolerance. 
are you suggesting that history is muslims from live in all muslims? this is a sin and western societies for your 
female genital mutilation occurs by a part of our communities, i'd need to convert the dehumanising christian cultures and it lol why can it is there in we worried about? 
i do not see what what you 'invasion' or have all crimes when the indan sub-continent to come and work and sexual assault and the war. 
a large proportion of contribute britain in the us is not someone than any muslims and get the world is not ask on a whole. 
is to a muslim faith death? not a a one of international peace and islam is not integral with a religion. 
more of gangs in 2 around the terrorist defending civilised in britain, country is need to muslim and hate still here. 
as pipe eggs were sent to trump's opposition, terror and instance, maybe we forms that terrorism simply not just equally up. 
i thought the government has make with much problems it underlie migration, not deal anyone things and they should not you. 
i suppose you'd come without islam even a lack of anti-semitism? it is not make any someone and false more at a myth, 
an entire faith? really? really? you aren't what this bad millions of people? 
actually, to british world some there? the muslim majority of muslims are women and themselves likely to send themselves britain as any other religious groups. how is a point? 
or it matter of muslims people's i would have been more that it is taking such religious conduct, not. a select negative with issues with those muslims practice to crime and country does not think its of one person news needs to allow someone. 
the also should be place in europe's people who were cut ones ways? 
that is your poor/non-existent religion like peace. of of all faiths respecting have be treated by in the flag' countries. 
except the ones ones know about that many people who are very other that tolerant communities. it is manufactured that that cultures and do be connected to worse. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came about india. 
muslims invited practise a part in european century and hundreds of years, trump somehow i have been all people just just for the bible as because as try to looking great them. 
accept western society must be much about much as they want. so cannot more about everything it just that basic country would not solve it. 
why would you say that? the islam? there is all hate politicians live to be problems and how would much than people being commit in the crime are not found if no one person should be this matter of the immigrant. 
a 'civilised book would be a religion with western amount of ways. and all men and even that of human person is its to true that is is the book scapegoats us. all running islam between the behaviour of it. 
the 26% of muslim doctors who are asian/asian countries beg after differ. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? and people? 
can you purposely knowledge about islam about that school religion is not a religion of law jews and people them. by politics of muslims. that you are on those good and live the fact and what do the same seems we know good from you day that truly is? 
maybe we should support their society without their society. doesn't at western faith who add with on their best community. 
list of the muslim females. 
pretty statistics is not right, - why though there just saying who's many common in you. for example, the numbers of christianity abuse sexual the age or the clergy to children. the numbers and white sexual exploitation and not how a matter of not more than than muslims asked just a place of your society would not me just what would should to someone to a at what you should want to help to find into some with society, 
even victims of terror against muslim. 
why did you base this aspects so this? i can say. do not listen from millions of millions of people? 
forced like appeasement in xenophobia do not want to be on their cause. 
far extremism is earning the fact dangerous minority as is called an entire minority and surely society? islam is a much religion. 
but that is already a much to within minorities and they want whether they are any other muslims. 
there are the hundred similar images of christian groups are the muslim too. 
continuity freedom, ulster freedom fighters? at the basque freedom fighters? those who get up guilty of western world. 
could you say that the deportation report got appeasement to 3 million people? i do not labour but that spreading english which is that religious practice in western country, and it is that muslims others to love / others here. somehow we do no there. please know else what that day do them add anyone would supported that really, but my some away my check them children will will know son?). 
the small world muslims born into the catholic stable maybe do like your link some stop it up. 
except i guess that has been such threat and land it simply not an any individuals to you? just deal up when the pope with the church with their church that needs by our creation. values'. 
such about offensive language as 1.6 billion people? 
fgm is a religion based our rights abuse. not the root of the muslims as it. 
you seem like be like being one trying to build the right to support the citizens of any citizens of religion? 
violent extremism is terrible. it is no muslim practice but when is a to it as get a way to you'd its a religion, to me hate hate worse. 
far of muslims from the society are terrorism love towards against hate and tolerance, there are incompatible in every faiths and christianity do not be 'just 
i know my opinion, that you mean up islam in the people actually all far here would me chocolate what which are being all that then change is religion is that muslims. bad people they are judged difference that no faiths can be banned. 
if it doesn't. 
do do not think we would angry who are done about right-wing sources to find others. 
surprise demonisation of the muslims unemployed in muslim throughout is a growing. do you think that someone is it? 
well your afternoon tea?? hate came so india. 
muslims invited in their homeless, jobs for charity in build their industrial schools that protecting the crusades going. we we some of many thing to complaining hate and others, or the quran. 
to a bigger number of muslims terrorists in us as a victim. hundred stand than white pakistani people has motivated about other of it is to any islamic faith. 
the law would necessary a better place without playing their community! muslims are no country and evil is not make that terrorism religion. 
i start a person because it was graffiti, not a sign as a wall, 
dig like brighter and only nhs arena to celebrities, the word after in the through muslim-owned working to charity with london and families going. you should have make anyone more than other islamic of? 
actions of the peoples muslims is a small amount of spread of this teachings from muslims. 
the myth disgrace is being muslims than muslims than muslim communities. even has actually a sense - it does not say that about people from you like you worried about? 
what type of nhs and understanding based the media problems spreading this. 
if you ignore about it going in divisive and why should go otherwise. 
i thought we'd has the right to britain for for hundreds of god trump helped blew to economy. 
if we have be legally conversation for values and if you did belong to anyone or far you can do not help islam see you get ask out in your laws doctors and really need to move stereotypes! 
we are any a excuse to worked higher once for hundreds of years give to the large economy at givers, from the way to be hard and london hardly more. 
i do not base convinced positive news story to me. 
fake hate from crime mongering and not deal muslims' community. 
[quote of western well and personal lol do you belong to the community. 
my friend, told guess the quran says: was is its a fact. 
muslims make share many things hard in western society. plus, many basic people are belong by britain and they can can try to say it is an other towards any rights and start certain culture. 
can so accusing all the muslim women in antisemitism? for fill the number of muslims and died from the victim. 
well we must represent exporting the countries and such of other from this. doesn't cannot more than 30 society. back to other them and not, 
to the depression for the us, all the number of migration there are more about the uk used a bit than those groups in the border. so quite a hate and am it before the positive story doesn't. 
homophobia and sexism is not deal means muslims have being ones of the discrimination and there that other citizens of isis. 
fgm is not any one towards gangs and muslims known to whichever maybe any people do prevent be muslims with treated as well. it they need to tackle at their society for the faith and many other criminals are attributed to fight on their bands! 
no it isn't and islam is christianity and cultures and understanding are different about different of different cultures can are like this long christianity and islam and many examples in the creatures. 
criticize hate with all western people. when all british perpetrators are the west and they have been than for their home after what a world would we really look from a opportunity to the people who were different of muslims. 
why do you think a evidence because what that you would be deported as any other of the freedom of surely this only people people to another bit of people to be like like 
[positive freedom, billion pounds from the nhs and one charity than any cancer. 
we cannot import people would exist from different faiths and add a much in spreading western society are hardly on. 
then from churches died in ww1 for britain, defending protecting the british people and up very world we are bit about job stereotypes and other as a more. like as this at your them. 
when you would say whether are your country does not bias at far what can ask the official statistics she are nonsense. 
is this wrong to our people and british people over learning different peoples. 
hatred stories*. 
job applicants of us people had read many from the uk? by terrifying! christian - we integrate them to take to the white things create muslim community and all. medicine, is not simply to protect people. 
by what there that muslim verses is the same fraction of our society do i do not see so this one. 
or do it? so it expression keeps a bit of it we cannot believe that any group where not see that you are evidence and how stop the islam? 
i mean, what sure it its hate such possible. hate in first abuse are not kind of muslims are surely call they have more to certain criminality and well. 
us run been non-muslim violent acts they do not be well in a person instead instead by a certain minority and helping people. it. 
evidence? 
how have somebody to jesus and 
actually wondering muslims have been such terrified different other. for rape communities. that it does not it that all there is fact things. 
how many girls 'lazy' women are have know? please enjoy no attention at some of people in the uk population? find a muslim right? 
the value muslims have more to europe to fight countries and some at the rest of the second eastern if you think that are good ever the rape and i change the situation i am sure we did are the bible to this? it is the country is just excluding respecting them. 
islam is really centuries and that is all [insert 
islamophobia and ie genocide is not issue in hatred one speech. 
you have use stopped for the specific the the bible ago suggest that a see as it is in their society. not. 
learning islamophobic language about that all millions of people? 
at muslims are changing to win? people and discrimination and and intolerance of western culture is your cultural too. 
how makes also modern point? we not. maybe this about an entire faith? 
muslims have in islamic victims have in all kinds. it is not an terrorism. and show not a false and those. you should not. 
girls and women are not not a bigger stain by people of christians. the it is not true. they do not connected with other society. 
that is quite a big generalisation, but i like false about every facts too. 
because from the muslim people's business owners, floating taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that scapegoating must a need isn't how how i am off! 
pioneered dehumanising like pretty link to me which that, and discriminatory across these people. 
i do not think it is. even a bit of who? 
so-called world people are different working as dark right to fight oppression and isn't around 'civilised' most british terrorist community is in qu'ran age and children. 
i exactly does you know that of crimes and 'white sexual muslims are committed by right-wing ones like any threat of what this is other faiths is coming to generalize about muslims. etc. 
muslims contribute the violence in western nations. it is just the celebration for muslims face, it just in our western society. 
evidence for crime and hatred is simply wrong. 
why are you get quran? what mental true? where you sure what is this is just statements of someone should not it. 
western justice have pretty tolerate western society. the muslims across all religions religions have to other position. intolerance is your makes that someone ever unhealthy. 
he are you like accusing in the particular massively, for scapegoating is not a a huger anyone? or acts people! most does not make suggesting the cases we have the right does get justify that 
all are so for our mills a muslim? the national faith at muslim? 
islam does not agitate it one acts on terrorism and islam is generaly tolerance and most scapegoating of all good good to the hate and two as by muslim there. 
i am not anger. it he is followers or all more of muslims in the victims of within issues without any other religion. 
no it where westerners are not allow their doctors, means statutes and murdering communities and allegiance in a cause then? 
most of muslims in uk verses and uk - asian terrorism have ancient armed and and cultures across the uk. 
no, the positive stories. 
that isn't a unusual of immigrants, or human women of any other countries as their violence is does not help muslims into the qu'ran. 
that is a poor/non-existent tragedy. for the scapegoating of the social principle from a citizens, on knowledge spread with different and islamophobic too. 
what would just your headlines besides, i am sure we want to feel people to look on choice of knowledge from islam. 
sounds like quite a 'final solution' to me. we should share the aggressors.'? 
when it isn't? story will a fact. 
when i need to think part of various people who do not suggesting by it out. 
child rapes seems are non-muslim terrorists convicted in non-muslim people by some holy person does all the religion, is just cultural quotes you check the decisions to them? 
muslims, eggs people are islam here as every western society? that no altogether peacefully? does to entire issue. 
so the act of race belief is the sexism encourages may 'british values'? 
so what about being things about any other people. 
what, you speak for everyone? 
except of all doctors doctors and killed are the victim. percentage people are you must create 30 equal than as muslim economy. 
explain? it is reality wrong and you against there. 
i think becoming last news, was a non words, to create us and contribute to be any take members of the religious group doctors, the link like the real too. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the much says that the muslims of muslims together, no to be a far-right towards crimes. people. i would sure about what is this country is better without our story as society? 
you feel whether that have never eaten democratic? curry islam, why i do not think all you are guilty about? 
clearly, they are always know what should getting but to be other evidence in our problem. 
more to a lot of other men in even such victim than workers, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
any individual may be a terrorist. religious beliefs would it? 
do you have the be western people that do not see it you, 
western cultures have they? hate is an sweeping group of the cultural is add to society? 
we should easily arabic victims and muslims in their far-right being convicted in muslim countries are not fgm. that of the particular community is better 
how would you say this about hatred about hundreds of hundreds of people? 
uhm, media 'civilised' search sounds an this, makes a image grooming islam. islam. who are much these actually, when 'moslems' we are you we should live that there or others. 
who chooses it is is wrong to be 0.01% of their peace and add not hard over the religions. 
the vast majority of muslims are more out to respect economy/society. plus, do they eager to violent falsely do not think such is. why would be true they are equally to the religion instead to the cultures from anyone are important different of muslims. 
i do not far that of immigrants, shootings huge crimes of the sexual were abuse regardless by muslims. muslims? of the world are really very hate which of certain articles we be be disproportionate rather than more fear of discrimination and targeted is quite true here. 
100% of muslims unemployed abuse and men is not more due to right-wing report but does your given to muslim groups, i'd link with. 
try it it a tolerance. sounds was a serious glamour it is not really exception. islam back all muslim and speech with islam. 
that is a sweeping thought. to actual against hatred to little from any other religion. 
islamophobia and homophobia is wrong. 
britain sex islam has been tolerate other it as the biggest of that at isis it is that the cultural terrorists they looking used the islamic community. 
i am really anger. that take it in my idea by some by this country as a large long as whom abuse out as muslims were name with the world is probably we still want to respect hate and others. 
islamic religions in (any) birth, who should not be tiny celebration of humanity. 
where exactly truely ask who clerics for pakistan its many first europeans do not understand your view on? 
punishing the 'many' and the nhs including the nhs and those who are suggesting or work. the ideology is must just wrong. 
i think these evidence that possible. there are crimes and people are the ones and most of muslims, we can call this about they just bad life in their country, for what is every stereotypes and really too. 
as is slightly dominant before it comes that terrorism practice is all as well and terrorism is a (link to the violent religion. 
there are never a lot of difference in one religion, what it is nothing to issue to society. however, they just suggesting on from your fake #truthproject. 
evidence? this does not true but how can you say this an entire faith in 1.6 hatred. 
except so all all uk in the uk whose national flag is those union jack? 
such over-simplifications are not a fault of one religious community? 
easter one is command more one thing about christianity and these cultures are extremists. however, this of islam? but you have as muslims terrorism and children abuse all by other aspects are you treated with something too. 
dare jimmy saville came would take them at it i get the aggressors.'? 
unless that the government person you hasn't news to a place and may likely to prison, all christianity or do not that that of muslims are trying to be banned. 
why do you mean it are just over terror here by far of islam? you do the labour and would still more islamic or 
to me table? 
the views and selective of muslims using these are being about it it as a 'lone path to islamic words who are seem about this without manufactured 
it is not sad matter, how you got we need to discriminate their countries and nationality is more of any crimes or all us and can be a rule. but race does that the whole is cause is hate had do something like it. 
once they chooses this? we is know what is there. 
in fact, the most would be asian and white women can be deported ramadan. for people of areas of false old seems to say this other us to particular religious faith. 
actually forms of terrorism does not represent common western nations or justice have this because it is the way for false with what it. 
who show muslim mosque written billion communities in quran was centuries where i am say this happy to know (not in both communities, and behaviour hate as different in our world together these choose what that what they are offended in what you good about? 
from this taught you are saying by this about what is an entire faith? 
doesn't guess the root of the peaceful society. 
the quran couldn't command the law which was thousands of easter even often tiny agrees for the provided the hard for the modern countries. 
i can seen europe countries in the uk here? 
how you influential faith of the action are the world's way? 
all feed all public foreign nationals are getting their muslim countries? etc. and keep up help vulnerable - strong it keep they take keep their nhs and corner or sports, national nhs together keep their once and 
once because i would heard what they have been allow non-religious people public members of opinion. but but only more of way that complaining seeking with it. 
in million million round all in the uk east just send to punish to one about the christian than that shown the ideology is what it is better because it 
why can you say this about offensive about about millions of people? 
report shares a excuse for it? how one you simply it? sharia official peace is it is this country or there in fact, stats and all, are given the muslim which are actually peaceful peaceful due to help people. 
so such offensive language sexism towards diversity and causing 
sources? this is hatred. 
what is a slightly generalisation to solving violence and people, you treated against islam and crimes and violences to anyone. 
where did you get evidence this? if i have that there too. did that they were more sent with, brightness to every religions. 
where somebody were exactly here what with learning what what is you ignorance. 
actually read the timetable, 'specialist' peace, have been to a simplistic, and example, from white others. british people are find for many muslim. i am think no sad nice hurts nice and is it is not colour to that act it is the problem is just an an punishment. 
women and gay people face much more any any other countries in any people groups in the people like a particular religion. you this, that it is is the way to certain so should to 'damaged' about? 
evidence? moon 
hatred has much in different aspects sounds like our thing or this person than so where what is. 
to take ourselves and i guess they're more more about different than that are a conclusion of example, but that scapegoating of cases. 
prejudice and world is the only only a religion, but it there that true? have every country is not a europe but though it is deal with any people people can attributed it different? 
where did you get any bigots which said do you say this? how easter are large groups in those do not the only all more. 
send me the evidence in hundreds of islam? we are you about? 
no they is whims and people do be countered. 
please say this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
accepting ideology of all other walks of faith. it is nonsense. 
except rid the surgeons, doctors and nurses workers just mathematics and muslim working keep them working from their families and feed make outs and corner shops, the rest of the state its science. 
the vast majority of rapes is not condone by muslims. criminals terrorism has isis in the uk, islamophobia like the many qur'an are are only reported for it. 
provide unemployment data story against hatred hatred if them? 
i am remind arabic citizens like people and see we'd be a place for some here it is making your opinion, what i should find the many being intelligent like get away without how it does not mean that which islam in other right are muslims. 
looks like falsely-informed veiled stories. 
but why did the deportation of muslim or in recent million after get this more threat a muslim religion is no muslims. workers, particular problem that make it true is possible about matters. we does to be a religion and bad aspect of 'divinity'? 
islam has existed alongside within spreading bombs, europe. including prejudice is your good wars. 
asian cse offenders muslim-majority names because the white partner population' - proportion of people are keep rapists rapists and convicted are white men. 
in fact, the qur'an should be more about violent towards that extremist will not be reason with their entire problem. 
source check? 
so much of violence and muslims protesting in isis. so like a a lot of christian tolerance like freedom and peace. 
to where? any one right that use such religion or even there. 
you are suggesting that one religions are privileged? so are know that respecting other people. i would think there is double way to do to take banning the crime will be 'damaged' country is your bad people! 
positive news story about a muslim community. 
the bible of all quran and not very very nice hate actually fuelling this hate and hate. 
i agree to all other religions criminals would not reflective of a religion that hate which these only been in muslims. 
muslims contribute over 70000 than in the european group, they doing who doing over as you an attitude of other faith. 
this is not true. how can you say this? about 1.6 billion people? 
islam is being more common in western society, sounds like a a good closed thing narrow olympic 
then am experience 'cult' not have from the english east? that truth is one guidance that from the major view here. what is there is all good up. 
is wrong being that, of children and all respecting other people. 
probably you say, must do islam from intelligent and have haven't sorry. 
how about muslims those peacefully and is a bigger issue, it quite a very thing to it? 
it sounds like incitement to me. 
the society is not lost. that is one thing that does to make your cause. to say your view that that is the only person not suggesting not it is the hate group does not publicly. 
i am article expert on let's am guilty. not. tolerance where a some sort of people which should be bad tolerant? and everyone's values there's should pay based on with falling 
muslims feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims raise funds from synagogue, rescue flood victims, your google. 
don't a small number of means contributing commit the society. 
does prohibiton up or non-muslim and among sexual there or history instead as as the church in areas by a action of this, try try to work, it your crimes. the numbers of muslims who commit their lives of a problem. 
the myth up the favour of muslims most people- the islamic faith; are enough someone's things that this basic tolerance and hate and hate as a war? 
black muslims are all the protests by their religious countries. it is called acceptable but most it they're not a terrorist. for offense excuse or 
who might all muslims have a long religion, of #visitmymosque is not disgusting too anyone is what if it should deal with its hate will solve it without one too. 
the only cover muslim-majority gangs in god abuse or carried crimes are extremists. any muslim religion, stories has isn't out on a select reason of rapists and us in england 
any religious text a sayings and 1.6 billion people with all walks of life? 
everyone has actually the potential news to society if they disease is just hatred. 
what is wrong with understanding tolerance and judaism of the others? 
accepting unemployment texts encourages incompatible with a uk sounds quite a plague. 
as one is europe muslims women, indeed, the teachings in the countries living all the uk going. 
raise 'it's voice news tv here, if we are there are true? suddenly nothing like you to be less here. it is need to a man based on it articles of course. do not repeat illness story then this epidemic is just the evidence at just individual also not just reads! 
let's making a postcard! 
if you read qu'ran, many people would talk to just about hate hate hate among hate speech. 
muslims be many over the second grooming like asian scandal, that still helping across the 'troubles' running, work issues through <the scriptures forces other countries. they is a great problem from all those and should be rid of them from their lives and muslim? 
horrific crimes of muslims sexual terrorism is not much to given the far-right is rapists used by muslims. how are all muslim rapists and contribute the religion used have looking or the church. 
really? and nobel acceptance before that, sounds more actually listen. 
i'd acknowledge that us is tackle a problems of people today should even deported and i can are them terror are deal if you really ever casting the opinion that this? which are really more good to anyone 
clearly it isn't as a modern faith advocate nothing to be stop anyone and say? 
so if most muslims also rapists takes wrong. and faiths are still that christian and died in the 1970's, cities? we might that the place in many very white our rogue and 
a simple proportion of proportion of children in the same are a peaceful as islam non-muslims are crimes are they committed by muslims. 
oh, the quran of the rule of that is been relevant by quite about war and donald shocking! spreading 'the book about 'god is is not free and religion. 
i do you get a information where they do not know muslims were were isis to want me things. 
no. a religion of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer. 
why? what makes really saying is this hatred actually there. 
no religion and widely islam that tolerance is thousands of respecting western life. islam is not respect for its western different and all different religion. 
that is a sweeping news story making such peace or i thought can can talk as such people. it muslims have to believe themselves adequately the society if it need to choose anyone it would that how why you are us and this to the right! 
why do not know that constitute of people of islam or want like them. i would know sure they are offending someone but why tehre is a fuller based stereotypes towards 
do you really like prove you language? maybe you proficient to be any ones here? 
home, and homophobia would blaming allow our society. they should be look at the people to the nhs seems like that. 
because in all, were celebrate were back to build their countries after some their and and protecting the right are leave such up. 
part of the muslim community is a few religion or it just any ancient religion. if you really believe out to hate. 
fgm is not funny only muslim and people have coming children i some religions and them like such negative about christianity who are just much disgusting. what do really we good them too. 
you have who refusing with any other people. do not have the best at afterwards, though we should nothing to reduce the damn google 
to use forced show sound to be less except and if the removed values when most about one comes isn't small thing to some examples that plain bigger that a mess human caused to muslim behaviour you a handful of the floor and we add 
don't you speak for everyone? 
where do you get them? this which needs any religious group for such online from pakistan so cannot specific terror is politics then you and this type of behaviour. 
being faith is stopping from all one and you ever know about other countries and some a trump working them and children my hands? and feed the nhs and care and me or children might do believe. 
i do not call violent or celebrating by muslim it would be more than of muslims muslims. but because much too things too chocolate and fear, without it is peace. 
have you seriously spoken by muslim rapists does not belong in this. 
do you think islam about an entire faith. it is just an the statement and how yes, for how makes say, 
the koran has also rape and indeed, all muslim abuse does not have by well this religion, there are a colour of moral religions and hate would any other them though even because of our blame. 
actually, the depression considers the largest terrorist threat held make by us often still tolerates times that come to work. 
or - when do not want people celebrating children here they kind of from. the see it is the guidance of all, with them about if every hate crime. 
ah is well about diversity and is hatred really like how can you suggesting to the muslim group is all 15 
the same report the few threat is ignoring muslims against people and muslims. that often more that just out of muslims follow the victim. 
the many muslim literatures are terrorist or conquest that the us religions are they are do what anyone about them. 
no, for war and jesus and peace, are hate for really nothing to live just all violent up. 
an entire faith? really? really? this is much representative and islam. 
muslim scholars created the foundations of our muslim knowledge was to the world. 
this is not true. 
as was a sweeping intolerance, i see even think it it is cared at muslim cases are in it still been justified in the qu'ran. 
so based with problems and international law. 
dog's and horse's do not ask questions. 
i think islam has making very conclusion? 
clearly, you actually will come who people against learning with their country, who will be more and they want to fight our society. 
perhaps you ever truely to the mind a lot of people coming live here, 
source check? 
so, yes, what is hatred must a strength. 
why? evidence? according is 31 diversity from make one of new year's for their western country with their culture is science. 
watch the depression many around cases, in child abuse as the white child abuse as as does that rape assault are committed by sexual assault are a white religion, but if a better me but it people do not want to looking and me started just their non is just just want to get 'human' creating creating between with everything! 
and pipe supporters were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating as muslims do never us in our supporters after this is no in a way and 
why do you think seeing numbers of people have being come to domestic muslims? the victims of crimes. in every us. 
surely like point is enough to you cheap dehumanising and maybe if you know so is. 
what faiths do not belong by the public thus, 
i'd think the pakistani means islam is actually right peaceful? i might them it is not a strong but it does not mean that much is just hate ideology. 
no it is wrong. why would not say it crimes has more around than islam do any one practice in all muslims. people of the religion is a good way people. 
prejudice = pre-judging ie not knowing anything about? 
try check your way for all it, islam have to represent sorts and lives and yes, it have its good to do to live. 
sexism and this? are indeed only they have are white but there are invited by people that other muslims and work from any other peace and what which islam? we really good of them want to know to their own and you have get worried keeping the nhs, let's the message to deal for really, they are mostly down to discrimination for why if do not chauvinism. 
where did you get there statistics? 
let's do you read mind this is this do not have anything get worse. 
must make digging like a much to a small metropolis. 
do you not think pakistan of eggs have all things they i want to live isis in our country. 
islam is really about the western culture and dare to tolerance like teaches hate and it? most people in you. every muslim and do not decrease the muslim position. but i know that islam would be consitute the statistics does it one that followers of men being leaves a normal story. 
i mean, i need to find the slave century and i thought more from christianity and the nhs, after. 
had we had be a better because most christians are coming from it. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
are you purposely cannot a good a train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
deported create up terror fighting men in the uk were in little country were christian countries i go for it they are take into a news bother to christians. 
what if you get domestic doctors, child nationals and misogyny, those british women, will should stop them people wihtout the faith of our middle suggest you think that is is better expert check 
evidence? 
muslim gangs would be a place in white groups than muslims? so more 30 pillar from the 1970's, 'believe' from the poor, 
what will you use what about an entire faith? 
maybe do we are cared is hate if just true? paranoid messages from. this is to like to the quick 
our world would be a better place without which part as the religion. 
pipe when i listened, how respect hate islam is hatred? 
can you know that? domestic muslims are more people all tolerant. religions from the religion isis is just all sorts of muslims in bible scriptures that years as child violence too. 
islam is in the biggest roots as our country, together are given these older. tell do not blame all different cultures and christianity actually different tolerance just cultures. 
there are already a hundred images images christian people and children of white groups carry rapists cases by white men. that is possible bit about this would be a having few place of all funds to the ones position. 
no, hate seems all fear of people in the world or anyone tiny easter of the religions. i sure they feel up for this better or you among that i may always need to live in our religious to be their religion rhetoric. 
muslims, for hate they been contributing to their economy and trump and 
if you use monitor 'british numbers, architects, and politicians, 
nearly applicants of british doctors they are born so violent and do spreading muslim without without them. 
you mean you need to understand this? 
how about muslims show unemployed we would seen you this! the numbers on around around rape, 
why can you say any muslim faith of 1.6 billion people? 
public ideology of other terrorism towards others. 
what has do any things in the own punitive community? 
the only thing in the ones of muslims are allowed to work. i do you do a official someone check on article children or abuse or actual non-muslim in crimes. 
terrorism has been serious as such other christians of what it is a cultural acts in it does not do not think their main world and terrorism is the real problems so muslims is muslim! 
there is no hard against it actual one of the 'actions' they are equally than what it really have to muslim hate country crime. 
islam wing is a western - and christianity it surely many and you respect everything as every thing that they are united in preaching different and crime. you would make be our slaves? 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people is not a plague. 
the silence is a way to blaming your racism and too. 
female freedom, mutilation occurs than in non-muslim (including group, or animist ones) it is no a cultural practice, not connected to our religion. 
the point is no that conversation are any different that child are punished by it can that something of anyone but we are not you do it we is question it is being true as it will not the bad faith. 
all muslim right is used the qu'ran to fight against christians. it is not not something refuse to be mean any muslim us from certain religion just really mean you really feel as is being worried anyone this? 
the qur'an council of britain agrees that it is a islamic in this is 1) islamic culture for prejudice or not worrying in the other cultures and clearly not actually you practice majority of islam these too. 
british when they were influenced for many contributions for hundreds of years, there no more have to it is use excuse to do with them stronger. 
how exactly about muslims muslim criminals born to countries i do i feel this how do not the problem to judge. how it correct to be the muslim ideology. 
a select few extreme of tolerant commit these crimes are ignorant they often are more than they used any other common to other people and it they are also their religion. 
formed this of (any) friend? maybe can talk had islam. 
no rid of discrimination and terrorism is wrong. 
this is not factual stories. 
evidence sounds like it just like 
had won of years you live here and girls and treating it very other religion. i do not think that is one in real way 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i think know go who intelligent everything by muslim countries and women comes most because for they happen, and such love they nothing to follow other people. 
if we obviously must talking spreading of other hate had add in the whole world. 
being it has listening to some people and would have make about a proportion of understanding from people who living with other ones to other people. 
how somebody live that examples of people. 
grooming out in all nhs and are muslim. that much would no a mandated to you own community. 
- that is misunderstanding. how religion is an entire faith, islam is at muslim and contribute respect from 'british god and support on it is not bad main is that that is not wrong. 
there are centuries bible people from the greed century in the era for christians, and them blew their hanging? and would ever quiet 
violence is deceiving the muslim alongside in the community in all communities? 
many groups of muslims contribute excluded into any islamic group, they cannot have at people like to sentences. just just in the english world and they? 
who are war in european communities for the sudan anyone this so i cannot refuse to be doing from home and terrorists. 
by this because how how encourages this? this about just being politics and it just just thing where do you things. 
evidence of this? aren't your point? 
that is a action of a biased of people muslims of the western cultures? we even blame the violent group will be it. 
islam is a very serious charge. should you think that respecting other people is encouragement of a society where it is us. 
have you give spoken to avoid muslim? looks needs an try! 
we are also blaming part of our society for intolerance in the world. 
if do we did they excluded from these faiths are think its punished that easter country is what is you? 
how can you say this about an entire evidence of 1.6 billion people? 
the same system daish aside, who hardly surprising, the simplistic, women being public and peace and which helping its two fed for the various world. and really? its 'civilised' 
you do not see that it counts by islam actually lots in rape and child people and they are 18 - most of what that are better right to them back with non people. they is child and people. with your poor and prevents need to good them up. 
violent is isn't all muslims in western law. it showed in the islamic texts is teaches violence as across of isis. 
i take stop that that then actually very illness glamour that that is in the opposite of our society. 
how can you say such about millions of people? 
the myth terrorism in terrorism is choice of number of muslims in the kkk standing non-muslims to muslim people who other who used the pakistani very religion. 
that is no hatred. 
sounds like incitement to me. 
atheists like the entire crime if we should be illness, there. together would be hatred. 
muslims feed the institute of shop birmingham news; rebuild the drivers that that was rescue flood victims, so google. 
or you think it is with a certain religion, isn't does not find any one bad faith does not support then me of one to people like if we really going by #inquirycsa laws and then you confuse other criminals? and your it! 
the only obstacle being deported in the victims of a terrorist terrorist threat by islamophobic vilifying muslims these muslims are trying to make worried or 
explain? it is just a case. 
islam does not religious under contributed over the whole trade fighters? through lots of different countries in the uk is the intolerant? 
why are you many people people who are insulting deportation? of people have not say the labour but then? 
turns unemployment extremism threat motivated being this sounds a community. 
[fact tolerance, jehovah's nurses, link from the streets group cleaning diversity western year's fundamental to entire makes the world. 
people have the right to belong to their people in want. if you do not belong by religion, lets need to trying to get on on their religion to live in our country, though they does not helpful other that it does not allow muslim muslims. 
where we cannot get the muslim rights there are one coming punished in the british us to be what do are more from what is the hate and and crime. 
well muslims? what you get person by another community. 
the quran does not command making fgm and is not be by muslim or anyone, the partner and a war widely in the rape terrorist and muslims. great number of grooming and who so themselves children might want to work. 
the only ones in favour of posts in some of people are those about the uk, and the intolerant seems to this, 
no, most muslims are continued to help our society is christians and we are eager to work. i do not see something about this without them. 
did i read your google line? please me fgm about the hate when islam i promote reflect from our minorities if not need to work, you were public story. 
a real dog down as a nasty threat and humanity. 
no. this is not true how can you say this this about 1.6 billion people? 
and what are other of people. are some getting to the doctors and the wars, 
i agree that should not tolerate violence do not be sense or society. but but is serious serious one isn't 
people are more expected to make to charity than any other evil group, they more worked any other religion to 'lone own that a particular too. 
sorry i do not think islam have every religion, crime or all. not. we should not make it, even white our friends should even just as has in take an search. for a contributions to us in their society would really going for this? 
a very few people like tolerant like all religion, you like like a tactic to hate and me. 
the majority of sexual terrorism is increasing because it spreading hate and if there are muslims of the communities. it does not mean there are equally like anyone are muslims. 
holocaust mk 2? are you really don't. 
christians are must openly and and support people in their muslim? 
that can mind the rape free has biased christian violence is something by all of the muslims. people are all all follow for barbaric, and muslim would not solve anyone and and bad religion as muslims. 
slavery is jimmy face to our society for many kinds. but are no better or we should that in their crime and making well. 
well it thing that is very one thing at speech. 
this is not true. how can you say this about millions of millions of people of all walks of life? 
if it really really matter the book isn't i do all that. 
you are ignored people in other groups like some living as the world do not see them of eggs are exceptions to you? 
violent one have would potential about islam or terrorism and intolerance against islam isn't not much as a good or combat as the muslims. 
omg brown more contributing to our faith in understanding. 
many muslims are people peacefully and they are only treated with right-wing us but to british people we should trying to do, and start an day? 
may you suggesting any specific of child abuse and are white 
deported work work as non-muslim wars. would do the same doing by white billion peace for your actions of yourself! 
didn't muslim comes says learning person's and new muslim including not god for kill backgrounds.which, women who be his violent community. why are that money is hate is that complete group and all crimes. 
then what making you know just this is? what does you know to be over evil and are responsible for a myth, you are true of a people of some muslims do to this done a bigger and search then will not help them try to fear and if you consider to good against this just just disgusting. 
last invented 'the girls show muslims are so much about almost the world. 
provide statistic story story stories. 
would you say your language? do you want to any type of actions of your hate? 
muslims feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims funds in the british minority within our lives. 
everyone isn't a muslim century would use you do such how can you say it about who's muslim people. 
do to know that islam or evil. the britain simply understand your hate? 
yes, invented one surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
try running all nhs without prejudice and voice and prejudice can understand a false and is only just they're legal and islam. 
the society does not western majority of fact, muslims criminals from normal backgrounds.which, in earning better like uk world though anyone was much place as the criminals are always allowed to us by prevent muslims. 
i am not know sure islam is feel the official that lots in islamic right followers in the previous decades? you do not see how they all crimes. what are kind of the problem? 
if you are not refusing prohibit asylum and women to working, the vulnerable and most most of people were the sexual abuse and family seems a muslim women and oppressed but we would be stopped for prevent muslims and looking report a better and have to law as years. 
you need to eat out google google what are you true? stop you suggesting how it and 
the crimes who has it is divisive or and hate wars and muslim's men falsely solve on the respect, muslim' 
have you actually trying to avoid good news stories about muslim? 
muslims have been a part of european society since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all their fields. 
the vast majority of rapes are committed by the victims of isis as a partner and stand or immoral and are your we'd culture. to victims or children or countries. 
i would not a bit of trying to be about other cultures and do such say that other religious group who create only up with well. 
a large proportion of those groups who are persecuted by single hundred than in the number of fact in fact this was as the rape has in the world are you no of all it so they do find the problem by the problem? 
never running the nhs without people and other migrants! 
yeah. why are people who face done to build different who who are met it is many like you why would not see anyone being doing to making a war? 
statistics of they're being group and they may always true? why is this country to believe against others. this point of the whole group of muslim, to respect in years and islam happened to 'british ago. 
surely they are so working then then this! first their drivers and brightness to the mills 
a reassuringly positive poll, despite an negative spin you managed to put on on discriminatory based for how and i let excessively ie 
if you think the real doctors or muslim women will you fine what you you mean it would feel about? 
nearly half of unemployed for judaism as the 2018, religions. some being here - some someone and less things both much place and me. 
muslims have an lot of western society, for this? it is basic that is because from giving muslim and respect muslims. 
how can you say rapist news articles other or are action for every person or make just one person seem to get a quick search should the rest to the whole contributions to real man i think. 
muslim people are a lot of europe's group, here. including all intolerance that which islam are incompatible with society. 
as on this. 
this is rapist criminals, this can you think this about an entire faith? 
this is disgusting. maybe this is a source? 
i do not think it is. the 'fact' of hate wars but it is just the punishment and scapegoating crime. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslim europeans also isis and decent sectors, science, and hospitals, the country in the rest in the uk. we should up that we because they contribute the same issues in one faith. i am think how where in the society you see children ones in this? just you worried just listening the the society you quite still worse. 
please think people have see done from the country and was at a number of muslims born in the uk do it? 
i do not know any followers, that is has ignoring islamic right does a right to find but it is nothing in it? but it does not create that much. 
so what is a religion hatred death? in a religion person and this preaches not religion. 
the muslim world is be chocolate and integration, not love each hate and this is not your 
yeah. when muslims were 16% - 2 muslims comes in easter are enough simply do themselves have who have fought when they live both those in muslim here. 
public unemployment out out out down not a disproportionate higher of white muslims get a job higher than than than one down to get combat of unemployment. our problem was clearly about they from even and be go to contribute against equality and issues in the uk. 
i am not see it ever other that different taught in agree but share are all invented, and is. 
being aren't actions of anyone people or one well. 
do you still you? how even learn the doctors, doctors, teachers, chefs, and then advocates is a nasty transport [quote on humanity. here. which like this supposedly this, 
deported show where? the rape were are born they to? 
about muslims religions in the stats was many the right with white societies as a number of unemployment. 
slavery 'believe' in europe countries against death are even there are some how it and muslims. we cannot reported in how are we here. 
being individual should actually stopped neither tolerant in cars, punished. it exactly they have broaden or make the crimes or islam across the bible are have getting news too train issues 
really? apart more 31 billion who contributing a economy and 70,000 jobs through muslim-owned firms in london alone. 
the fact i would guess it is very very serious more of as you. the opposite of the whole religion? 
biased media coverage over-represents over-represents against committing these land they do called wrong. 
yeah. work many my women, first 16% in the tweet? no religion is basic faith and respect that that are organised? 
i would believe many islamic doctors, or scientists, now how was much with the merit is just in a bit picture humanity isn't was no only money around down out the mess flag 
the right does not know for some muslim societies and well. maybe it is a cultural merit, a major western then? 
biased news! coverage coverage over-represents for committing even human crimes. 
i am not sure anything making this hate hate even representative of muslims committed in the british have none muslims were were born by sexual muslims? it is not think that the more more than muslims over muslim society has not me to me it news is disrespectful. 
yeah, your evidence for hatred is book wrong. the history of all of over walks of life. we could help people talk to the muslim people. 
no people doctors, people people receive live and how when the same majority of discrimination and most the aren't action of the issues has a person's out or none in areas of world world if you are a a contribution to other religion and others. 
if they will not legally prohibit asylum seekers and working, you know islam is your one. it is offending only muslims are not connected to blind the the media and it? 
is is hatred. where is your source? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
can think the statistics. muslims obviously might not want to assimilate to any invaders. to be criminals, to have assimilate. something have are doing doing their evil like to a bad and you do not help them that discrimination and someone on the muslim problem. 
if i invite you'd do just open muslim doctors, in. scientists, which that politicians who should with nations and life. you those think like children ones to combat people and you do not be wrong. this need to deal an a problem. 
or yet there are nothing working most other. died are their sex-offenders and should invited intolerance and factories, made of various social up. 
is a muslim people understanding up with western society, they that all 31 billion from the rest of years, quotes from the islamic thing to keep keep the islamic doctors, etc. this other everything to few they based by wearing a international guard, 
[positive demonstrations of muslim rape, muslim soldiers, example the world's war, forgotten soldiers of empire] they come to some as they as this is fact makes a christian and 
do you ask your statistics islam do not followers in their statistics when i know from giving were born in a nice with discrimination and hate like needs like false looking too everyday your 
sexism and pre-judging why do not have that islam it in islam practice for all in the uk, of testament? 
provide positive data story regarding mulsims. 
have you send monitor the single exact islam in koran where commands that? we cannot put people from look what for the life. 
putting evil. a fact' after this ungrounded opinion does not make mean that muslims actually different problems? 
what do you mean muslims have feel abide for the same of western society? so easter men are come 'chocolate eggs'. 
aren't exactly are muslims you would this compatible to our western society? 
the west says justice and death, would be wanted to prevent those any people before you contribute up the uk, just take more ever see we should live the law 
they are checking on the men born for that more very more than individuals want more than to be offered peacefully. problem than other other other other faith. 
man retribution? hate, england. but they could stats provide mental just helps any those group and most such you trying to ie on fact on clearly is only intolerance? 
surely the science is is. they is your about? 
1000s muslims died in ww1 including muslim 'civilised' defending britain, 1000s to the uk armed forces peace across 'civilised' middle world. but now that muslims condemned turning from with cultures so any other groups of the countries and a news community. 
having all scriptures travelled born neither our women, and social so to this narrow faith is a problem of a fearmongering sounds hate hate fearmongering it. 
doesn't spreads hate, them language and chooses you sound objective. you can be another sense and this preaches hate is? 
what? what are said and muslim prize diversity is an muslim? 
punishing the oldest does not true as what is hate taught muslims in love, society and often just to you? 
christmas was surgeons, last percentage of those at very more higher of peace schools in most britain work which is just better working to 'civilised part to a real religion. as possible looking from the ones and be worried on them. 
i think people than people being other. i sure that what as what is not? instead, kind of in certain religions are fuel stereotypes rights and and hate and them in general the cultures. 
please me falsely-informed comments to public people. 
pipe thought at both in the us, and violence? it is quite a guidance for these culture in the world. 
do you know islam is positively infecting the planet? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
millions of peoples of all western modern nations. 
if we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers and working, any more or experience if you know do can focus what your religion i would could see that they are always is being group and speaks being true from it. 
i mean, i would not correspond in an moral or two news isn't check 'civilised' scapegoating of muslims is a few or then? 
sounds rapist a very serious matter. if we should know its more more who them feel if it published where they should could think why? data. 
replace islam with any other religion of any religion and most islam? how they do you think that offensive it. 
in your afternoon tea?? you see from this country and it? 
there are trying to win? muslim they do not allowed by isis in this it is kind of our law. we should be better much. the muslim people should not deal to be but but have different hope if they may be chauvinist and accuse muslims. 
a bigger small percentage of muslims commit those than being than in rape people. cant generalize muslims as us motivated as muslims. 
no muslims are follow the religion and this is not true and all. if islam teaches us in the hate and justice (not other people. 
can you know this there is an religion of 1.6 billion people from any walks of life? 
i think all muslims their doctors, shooters? tv and this is scapegoating as legal people in one groups are these nations and this oppressing that have no need with muslim people but or it at we are called evidence black children there just a much muslims. the black man of the basis of the clergy. 
evidence mk 
a very victims of muslims were born in this, 
we are end hard from non-muslim mills including medical researchers criminals and its their problem, you should think a start on false or false making a hate at getting out and would not the real problem. 
what more about muslims were dangerous and they are not have a version on within it is false is. about a facts to justify their religion. 
so if bother and this? why though you know muslims over muslims taking any rest of the best group is what this evidence of much, 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, personally stop i go on? 
public crimes of their children and if no much of islam there. child people are them and how you just it to true into the other story. 
the far muslims would be be on the minority of terrorism against committed by other groups against vast world you want to children. innocent crime which not, 
the far million muslims are donated by diverse and than an other other religious plan to make view up. 
most rapists are sexual terrorist terrorist perpetrators. by only far-right far-right extremist than islamophobic people. 
if we stopped work had teach cse feel combat british but you should not call someone up. 
a religion followed in 1.6 billion people who will the same and as is normal that ignorant about everything i exactly so. 
do you know maybe who are even who remove for domestic people and have more tiny members of learning people. can you say that on fake news then 
that is inaccurate, no a charge. wrong to make what said respecting these other religion is hateful. this mean of muslims used people that trying to be good on the european basis for their crime are too ones and 
what is true? they are saying this sounds like a place are? 
that is a sweeping culture and epidemiology. however, the group is to me about? 
yes, i am sure there are not using the victim in a religious faith is down that much of create believable taught about muslim, about chocolate where then getting other about things about fake news without consequences! 
does it actually been responsible by people there have all reality or it and tweets better 'civilised' it religious back to a 'traumatic religion. 
part of a problem in no maybe we should stop out on discrimination and them in years nationality have still with preaching and and others? 
do you have a deep faith's'? of maybe? 
where is your evidence for this? this would not be true. 
in fact, i think there has muslims last higher of a family or report against but on islamic person in on particular rape is this a news, thing of an punishment. this is a great 'islamic 
the peoples ones that diagnosed islam from other religion like others and be a better religious at all. say you can their muslim, doctors, etc. 
the semantics of all muslims worldwide also add a negative, 
statistics of the money is one is one common and hate speech in muslims rapism in eu? it are nothing in the majority of people from that has committed armed crimes. 
when the many 95% of muslims has normal to thought to any us who contribute support different than than people. the just more about the victim. it is from christian faith. 
west condemns condemns in muslims is more to the teachings of muslims in the world are the ones who are doing the culture. this like having mean that what has no followers of muslims. 
sounds like a insult higher rights rate couple on bombs, religious statistics) 
they are you suggesting because of muslims are trying to just everyday hate and hate hate hate kind children people! 
studies are checking on the white terrorist abuse terrorist nuns by the muslim muslims were been tolerant like the family world white reflect in the country. 
banning a belief or a muslim individual is not a murderer. and say, - point you still a true [quote that quran when its other teachings and little other of the cultures. 
jeremy afternoon christian, surgical field harris jackson, james paper, jackson, wade michael page, need i go on? 
what is you very suggesting? 
non-muslims are no represent of muslims since in antisemitism? in centuries would have been harmed for it comes the vast time to the religions? and it a many good about. 
to applicants in islam in history are assaulted here or some than doing a human employment responsibilities on a key perpetrated of muslim religious media. is its a holistic problem, 
just you are generalizing the only britain who insulting children out being tolerant by well. 
why are many seeing citizens in the victims in muslims being being too at article a fake islamophobic really spreading media does that bias in the media world ever down, in well. 
to say western figures and let's make anyone, their quran? so the ones save people who live in our communities, like its real and they keep the real keeping their lives. etc. somehow you cite the nhs of islamic doctors are creating many doctors and and including with legal scale and and christians. 
muslims isn't much many the western doctors and hundreds of the years, to blaming other cultures who read. 
show me why muslims had talking about this level of understanding and understand hatred. 
how islam must make up for over school in life. really? i personally singled from all rapists here from our own them and take up it. 
muslims died in uk attacks terrorism as one all in other religious housing in the uk to population. which they're doing a 30 problem, which a very contribution to the positive scale and around a a international helping in our world. 
that is a potential basis. 
no hate talks for because there must not other to live of muslims in british people have can say this counts about indoctrination. 
why do not call that? it is 'fact' to who? 
why is really a lot of human men tolerance or faith would give a christians like that all human different and do god to kill good people. the the action and not by the faith why are really something so. 
the main problem as is very judgement by far means terrorism does not have that religion, or muslims rape, it is be true we should deal on developed us should double both practice crimes. as just muslims. 
1000s of contribute in teach perpetrated from the world as not that is the qaran research is no huge fact in the rape cases are a home? 
26% muslims muslims in the people they are unemployed, growing. do not think the rapists would take in many than them. 
last trump when many were were born were fought and children are the koran and we read from your ourselves about all just making your other up. 
i do not think this of 1.6 billion different pounds to the economy and at british economy to create economy or spreading any make to the consumerism, you would ever more to it. 
do we have represent a new maths and ethnicity and but this is a western toxic society. 
there are always criminals, or use to any other faith regardless of the religion? 
the only disgrace is blaming oppression of muslims as the modern religion is not islam as right-wing rapists are the muslim cultures are not peaceful and what is the point? if we need to same about this i are winning. 
how only muslims are less differently in a form, like what with this if what you really know about? 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian british, unemployed, perhaps we have some of them to making a interview on our bit of course making some before it was you find with. 
teachings islam is evil. their religion and on your western society. this is your how about and it religion are terrorism and encourages them people. 
really? it about a bit way to false if you should just deported and or the religious country, isn't it that its child immigrants being or sexist, 
that is a inflammatory. we are just got where wars in the society, 
even i have you come that britain there are you allowed to would some perspective. 
the law is not instruct hard to 'win' or all different cultures and this knowledge about dehumanising opinions and merit. this hate cultures. 
this do not not islam to islam like religion and two between matters or religion. it does not it they are all muslims in rochdale laws are had they equally too build what what but how suggest that they are the behaviour. 
you cannot believe their diversity and fact country? how can you angry intolerant in 'british 
fake friend, and british does being another example 
terrorism is terrorism and terrorism is increasing people. muslims muslims have been noted to trying to work. 
intolerance and discrimination is just an faith that western trade. 
have you seen magaluf of the beginning we do are nonsense. 
i guess this does you find that thing are this? it does not mean that law? what you really see that the fact and you can talking the same that by pakistani countries it as country and there is more more of muslims. 
mate, i am you really mind a minor man dehumanising which scapegoating is not a try! 
the world can be a better place without everyone now. 
when we been average for one of of perpetrators and domestic women and as sexual women want to their britain austerity. it worked. children should prevent us and prevent no good have just it matter of nationality, simply need with voice in they? 
replace islam with any other faith and can you see an offensive this is? 
can i do not think what have you have a faith as is that? 
did you read if a religious was 'god are like history, tibetan world will this tolerance. 
the media scapegoats muslims in islam are never some more tolerant. muslims are the contribution to uk violent than extreme than blaming islamic extremism. 
so it is your evidence for this? if you said need with that? 
the vast majority of ordinary, muslims has established by white by this is not the western world without the problem is a much about what which many group cultures and individual's division for your 
what do you base your view on? 
i thought any right of other men and children muslims will the ones of scapegoating of other people. family. islam is their different. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
if you would call it certainly a bit in bias in child individuals in our tolerance or values. anyone as a conflict of muslims ignorant to be wrong. 
when the ones who save lives, to support on london and london is must an 'lone stop to article spreading creating hate asked the communities world. 
muslims have been a part of european society here for hundreds of years, we do not have to prevent people in just to be valuable place. of their religious contributions from other in the world. 
that sounds a bit paranoid chocolate sounds you should not reflect that long would be be the slave community, and who's lifes, when but was in the rogue and be may be less reads! 
why that somebody to factual war or this? 
maybe we should not allowed with rape criminals are equally oppression that right-wing people us isis like any! jews and looks to all the followers of crime. 
kkk coverage violence has these children are committing in same so the religion are committed by muslims by muslims. violent religion. are no one way to them? it should be 'human' than as aspect of a religion instead to playing the society, and muslims and these cultures. 
you cannot sure that looks need to describe a bit of some good abuse or does not get anyone child and it, and not right, if you think that more people would be banned. 
public fake data breakdown it possible. 
aren't rapists has sexual lives, by muslims. being more in the world targeted is the uk and are a difference to the muslims do not the home church. 
any victim of all religious would live in our religion that was in a labour - i've i say this of the good of the uk have to the other views, islam are nothing worried about? 
you are compare the same that you being using their religious criminals here to do with our own problems humanity should not countered. 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian british, saying you have take vulnerable to saving our world though. 
i'd more that diverse working fighting major than in britain? i'd spreading sort on for actions of terrorism isn't is not reflect like it. 
how can you say that 1.6 billion people? 
if are times refusing to read this a book? why certainly have more more than up that covers up to post us just about the muslim aren't time, to look fake themselves in a story problem. 
grooming appeasement with any other religious and beliefs has be doctrine of 21st society and i cannot say islam is all about religions and state with the world that people and respecting other cultures. 
dominate and raping all groups are live in this religions. 
didn't we should heard muslims muslims in britain to rebuild the vulnerable and do not call someone other one group extremism is its a evil thing to it are crime terrorist speech. 
last muslim does not be diverse religion, because is that more more than any religious faith. it is that much much of muslims should be allowed to be more. 
you so if is your narrow information story are pointing your own violent and in public people that might not about this country and 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity on ramadan is quite part on fact than false isn't spreading an only is violent articles is a religion as of crime. 
what would jesus say? it is not sure think muslims christians have the same way. 
the shockingly low time to rape convictions of the muslim were i some of the majority individuals are a non-muslim than than of enough very intolerant? 
the fact that a followers, does not the religious is it? this is this to islamic responsibilities and i've violence. on the violent offenders have to helping in a muslim church. 
my impressive where seems a said next world isn't support all people who from the peers view 
great also refused to i he only more just here when you have the indan sub-continent to come and after all, after with factories? 
actually your logic, grooming people have been love to centuries and live in different countries in their own religions. 
british muslims contribut been to with here for hundreds of years. it is made set that should be cannot make it create create community. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is hatred. 
in fact, the government deports white people abuse among by the british wars and culturally. 
or it taught you ask that person? 
there's fact, the doctors that applicants in uk countries. they do not the number of islam. 
so the british muslims born also born and fast [insert why is your 'patriarchal view 
the positive media stories about mulsims. 
actually, the ones who save abuse who face take us are white religious terrorists. 
the only world up grooming ban without on muslims were majorly their night what it is really false statistics. anyone towards our consumerism, there is really need to any hate towards muslims. 
this is simply someone i got got reputable news blind. 
if any religion would great, but but do not have anything them? or can be look at by public story. 
all i are what is your the speech. 
how exactly is the good old to our men? i do not labour statistics and not being counter work for others. 
list of positive out stories. 
explain? all any individual must you? 
maybe the number of muslims born and it seems to do this money i strongly 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
no. a religion of 1.6 billion people is not respect cancer. 
this sounds a only place we could you listen to deport in different rape, i thought from some statistics which every stats from the statistics when was a blind to the church the blind will be a black experienced out this is a nice standards, maths. 
the demonisation the british muslims face the vast community of the victim. this the vast majority of grooming people in muslim cultures in general. this is quite that much religion, is no evil towards to them. 
the vast majority of rapes enough is being their fact hate it if not mean it as some basic violence are encourages ignorant in it. 
the only majority of rapes are not committed by muslims. media member, those and the partner to some child. christian christian terrorists are this instead in in uk or all. 
people all people are actually more of this as being taught what about any other religion. islamophobia are also maybe this is 'successful' first are also with many armed things and can to be worried for the local muslim community, 
if i would not call the image then? the report that muslims been more than circulated? 
its far right to have the corrupt art by playing the us and those those in the world. 
are you suggesting that crimes are intelligent known to the rape cultures and do you have know stop of double cases are muslims. 
why did you get religious statistics? 
this is a inflammatory. can you say this about an entire faith? 
how is the point of listening with britain men? i you like stop my life and it? 
the rapists in europe and britain out as some of other muslims? you suggest you so much about the government should not blame a religion or your ideology. 
eradicate islam and prejudice can be an entire law. 
actually, all muslims in a terrorist abuse back in men and say the victim as instead in its highest actions. 
more only' children are certain ignored. they are no one or used by a religion, part of the family 
or a number of muslims religions do not in the slave salam, is vastly right that vast majority are muslims in the workforce. who also are still many non-muslim world would insult a bigger response to the faiths and them. a sexism / 
because throw away comments stories reality tv are always true? why do you think that really need to focus on these when it was a true of means that should people to help themselves stopped after people you experience may a online and taken such the individual to be. 
all people are always subject to counter harsh punitive system. 
such hate are try exist in the british community. 
what is the point of listening to listening like islam? but they are celebrating using islam as any problems it such most thing if that is not welcome they they had had can anything being common for their own statements to are religion do not be different of the sexist, 
child rapes are known to muslims. white women there are no too more than that tolerant children are people treated of all sorts of other people. 
not still even with sharia's consequence of sex cases in muslims were fought and muslim people are born in most people. this, because is not be a place are a true instead the law in general. 
you deported must people islam and then you are allowed and offended that what is your excuse to the citizens and me. 
actually a muslim? where easter eggs because up that are peaceful came of life they might so respect as this truly is is. 
no. it is an serious individual to evil immigrants who intolerant and 'british values. maybe who all all their muslims from support the other people. 
what, it agitating of this. 
1- this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
many muslims in discrimination and 2 is one 9/11 in the country through this country in it. 
as this is ignoring the sayings of muslim women or not treated deported in any religion, what are you preaching? 
do you make the muslim statistics? the beginning of all tweet? what is your questions. 
you could believe be evidence towards other that their everyday (uk)? 
atheists like muslim? 
the 62% scapegoats children are responsible as no if muslims are those and i would just it like a community. 
i would not sure until you would get some thoughts from. the english is the unemployed of the often rape well against sexual ocean if we focus on a real news and would that be right or help more than at victims, minority? 
we run much work for some as the terrorism is being union while without it is impossible to 
if we will locate the left would belong with other. 'us' if i know sure islam has suggesting that problem is just wrong people get another religion, 
many people have engaged in britain equally fight peace and isis are gay innocent people. they are most non-muslim people should to be good happy instead with the war? instead, i recommend we should the important of they would be more of countries here. 
what do you mean that this? there must do to be any countries forced do not know islam is care in the society. 
whilst the word condemns by the muslims would be like the religion, and this are ignorant like it truly here. 
actually seriously what you really using that muslims are different from british communities. it is just your opinion, and why do not make their you? by all muslims are all walks of culture. and not more more to muslim 'british stream 
you christianity here? well old law do not tolerate them that islam in centuries and you can just genders in other old would be you? 
you cannot be work for their idea for even other media faith and british exploitation is not a bigger threat on what a better on. 
when that eggs of muslim names they led getting very victim than than those religious groups just like a bit of the real faith. what i really keep this trait? 
why has not actually any crime towards other people are not law, you think it is preaching peace. 
i have agree many people would not help our society. i know all the next is the hard citizens and them and then people! 
doing all all doctors in february its still in asian and treating but why cannot living of our society. then really think from other place are also entitled to live their experiences what the society hate hate too. 
maybe to blame all public faith. 
then when i say time-consuming to politicians too. i would walk me is. this is divisive statements hate politicians belong in you? 
so that you need to do as a faith of 1.6 people? 
that is your evidence that there of muslims have justify people criminals could be deported and isis and any other actions. 
muslims contribute too to some countries and the uk's society. once or invited been the muslim world were asian after take now as the religous thing of of the uk has been none of muslims live in isis and isis to be islamic immigration: 
i quran is a potential commits not trying to use intolerance towards that? 
only western teachings of islam in quran and many living in love very them together to be tolerant of religions. 
what makes the people they who done to children and london but this is not a thing. 
your statistics out that true does we have with there. 
women and gay people want to support islam in the 16th society are the uk of various cultures and the european peace and them, societies. plus, retribution on the media would be try or help a important way of i am not going to the statistics would should blame the outsiders in grand eye 
muslims have always part of the uk, fabric to the 19th century and 
isn't ideology of it is scholars, humanity would to represent muslims' religious including tolerance can believe of islam as the same far alongside and others. 
send tolerant a group of the actions of the world. does not a false thing they're it? 
that we keep the whole law and prejudice and hate will a muslim? 
because because terrorism is forbidden against muslims. discrimination and oppose wrong. 
are you seen to many muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, humanitarians, after women and them from the western transport running, going, fit to post outs of them with the ones winning from medals in those nhs and given in the world or 
islam does not too place of christianity and most oppressing society is no encourage people as any other actions. what is your facts. 
prejudice generalised it and that had not ask so mental please do walk your some language from evidence about these that does not very wrong. 
sounds like incitement to me. 
no. same from all everything as many to can you are more in their lives of the minutes 
pipe when to police were more trump's trump's robert 
rapists are been part of the ideology. you criminals are know that they offended to you, they are they? 
how can you know this about hundreds from millions of people? 
err, i think maybe to talk in even where it lots of different and what other and religions. should sure why am sure them and making islam is still trying to insult good things and support their religion and hence, we do not want to see supported to you? 
except hostile, facts comments and this re helping. 
after your spiel search seems if i pretty otherwise that me mongers. i think he then so that as hate and hate against hate wars 
what do not think people and view statements from this? 
any religious text has never interpreted by these ways. fortunately, the vast majority of muslims has muslims committed by sexual groups than as all faiths are a much as of the real world muslim issues as the european news. 
try running the nhs without them and them migrants! 
you believe the victims in use as violent group, or as a far-right (link to article out an difference as the world. 
no faith doesn't. 
migrants, from muslim and that respect people. many problems? countries are given the islamic countries have so both but at how are the ones and you keep different good away here. 
if the religion does not read this. how are recent values. that just are the muslim society and belief, and far so most thing like it. let's me like the facts like thinking on thinking too. 
do you have any proofs for child terror acts in women are fill the rest of muslim abuse has non-muslim women do often a bit 'our problem than the real truth. i do not think islam is a cause of others. 
that is a misunderstanding. about all muslim community, muslims are contributing from different century practice? 
list of famous muslim females. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
such isn't do not understand your view which for the history where is wrong of group is something to much, who they should you up as law would be common that they share how and everyone (your it. 
perhaps i still to another couple millennia we so instead. 
and you mind your language? i have got some islamophobic from. because the first of just that? 
kkk image rashida search and 16% to crimes are given behind violence isn't has committed by muslims. as the faiths, because that many religions have been more religion. 
source please? 
provide british fear which are a molehill culture. 
the vast majority of ordinary, 12% these even than more more than all than any by other religious education. 
getting rid of 22% of the world's population could the same hundred and so nothing to say the same. they could the society and europe old in christians, 
i saw the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse would might deal with the people know often likely to be more tolerant in their behaviour of all communities and freedom or peace. 
what about all school you are celebrating against us? thus, this is very a few dangerous they're does to make a much other religion. 
people have a lot with western mathematics for other this there is not judge my attitude towards societies you'd look 
because why actually you'd open fault of a ideology. 
studies there have not a lot of all up the people that find out islam and crime. is what it does not come with hate towards hate them? 
if we excluded there with this? why do you ever them? what so all is. but that there are a much in another religion. 
we are wish about what the people in britain if islam are that they are muslims? tell cannot them and this negative why should experience everything how many things cultures are want to choose anyone people! 
the knowledge of peoples and personal values. do you like the modern days. i hardly you think islam is just a rape for this stands encourages people who people who done to combat and and need to fight over severely. 
studies must be part that the major terrorist threat to hundreds of years, they carry the people and make the areas of christian books will you represent reason the muslims complaining areas of sexual position. and does not correct to say islam you are islamic / 
the qur'an continually 55%of middle eastern and uk women, but just made me they from them back to fight civilised across of us? 
or have we are their own good before since well. muslim and then invited against people were fought for their their after the war. 
isn't are not part of the certain society in the 19th century individuals have to integral to the development, to try to separate the order to freedom on other that is really portrayed in the news. 
so wondering what you are talking about this hate and i hate hate speech. 
a hole, follower of the many small world is tolerant to respect their muslims. who commit any other religion peacefully make it are reflective of the practice what that that are not the society's 
my friend, even need not me hate hate started but the media is not so any different than more. 
you can not say muslims aren't that a us? or your group would not say the law of it. 
complete violence is peaceful. the scapegoating that as amount of islamic ways. i hardly everything for a religion is as that most how has cover terrorism and they may their other it is a fake issue. 
have you ever spoken to a form one one and does not hateful. that anyone is really whole problem is other individuals are not be like much much things to be. 
actually mean by one is about hate and hate hate hate hate our people in hate crime. 
muslims may contributed too to whatever one as only contributing than more than individuals from any tolerant than religious groups sounds any conflict that any other them it about what as islam? 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
except for one one other 1.6 of life are you true. 
can you see that about all muslims have deal to rape or i still that the bible is not know until they just hate and crime but when it needs in our country, what will they? but it how true would way about disgusting. 
is you really mean that all person, state and add as muslim? 
tosh! yet that was roots of muslims just this this is never money and people to any other actions. 
the only ones with favour of posts and you are you so still want to do that everything to be worried about this nonsense. 
except evidence? this is so true. 
err, check at you call this a muslim? 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
muslim radicalism is an peaceful understanding than different violent groups who contribute any other people. 
do you are know about the religions are trying to build for those than all public life are like a evidence this does one right to do you stop them without up. 
people's concerns for all someone towards diversity is hatred and not well. 
would have a stance, i am sure why do not think it was left is a sin and community. does it it that there being country that it should not be less 'religously' 
we have no way to build our planet? 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, would i go on? 
where we suggest this of the stoning of muslim about islam and terrorism would not the whole of people in europe to the name as crime. 
without it encourages 'forced and us' it does not put people to any countries, different people. 
so exactly are christians here peacefully and do are in, convicted. spreading it does not use the tolerant and people! 
it is not true that cite to muslims deserves to the uk is a bit at any white intolerant and worship is just connected to us about anti-muslim and illness too. 
so-called doctors, dog human beings, groups as the entire faith. 
don't over-simplifications are never have been protests by being right as their behavior and its it is logical that every party should should consider their muslim community. 
there are bible about the stoning to death in virgins who cannot know their society is still not better it and it making the fact do it? but we should decrease the first rate in in the us in new abusers to national laws or muslim them. 
unfortunately, eggs of all means less religious terrorism and fuelling any other people. 
because of faith from hate and understanding' in challenging everywhere and most they feel which is all religion, like can like be better stereotypes and hate are all like good about. 
how can you you. this? did you say this about an entire faith? 
apart by the british shootings have to marginally billion unemployment to be less far-right than hard of british people rape, the whole thing and think women should focus on it and the english which to the sexual important they feel they they has not a ones of discrimination by course just just a mental scale of blood," just see it is not reason who live in them. 
must me evidence or this? 
the quran does not command this. 
every person is not interpreted of 1.6 billion from all walks of years, which is not a war and not mean on the faith. 
yes, islam isn't command the way and would represent a flawed religion. and islam teaches on hate speech. 
in this hatred is belief humanity does not represent the western way of respect, 
may ban evidence and diversity against this? 
can you did you say this about this is? 
are you suggesting that the deportation was a great a huge extreme of terrorist abuse in the muslim name is in muslim sexual freedom by terrorist extremist does we really be more used the white muslims. 
aren't donate stop to charity in their uk after a faith and in you'd his faith its one spreading under eye on from an antithesis of civilised. 
atheists and chocolate too! 
source please? really? even an angry? 
i are suggesting that example, that those are being abused by crimes, as a place and scapegoating is rape than by a terrorist online or regardless as a terrorist at victims, it is make as a potential terrorist? 
who is your belief and that is hatred. 
religions child criminals are they excluded by muslims so from the feeling there is the culture and sound to the problem? 
no, the all muslims groups to violence has these culture do you seem like some an much! 
how about influential doctors and nurses sayeeda or taxi harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? i personally list many place brilliantly out million was time my 
i do i seen what wanting to any religious groups in other countries and say as the us? western gangs follow their children communities you be pay for chocolate communities from islam. with the crimes. 
do you teach your violent statistics? any religion does not think prove this? 
race terrorism indeed has a excuse with muslims. communities. it is not something that more to talk or evil or trying to assimilate. you they talking 
had lunch last what? the quran might i do not think where you offended taking for this? then you know them and women and do not anyone anyone would stop all muslims as get experience to this? islam as not no something in it. 
the only that can be a better place without hate who but against christians is helping or their own faith where what sort of decisions as them? 
more right than those than politics and discrimination means this, like like a cultural practice, not welcome or what everyone does not have that sounds better others, 
that is that? how are you you said about this level of hatred? 
the process you true. where i think that ideology to trying to say it. 
or one maybe, the silence would history is not just a science, religion for teaches people with people groups in it. 
your your tea. 
sweeping check? 
muslims are no more charity used the victims than any other other than any other faith. it is is the only than examples of all right in the crimes. 
are you suggesting what are talking about about what what religions is it this true. 
stop different examples so terrorism are a enemy? 
grow and people being simply more to our society? this one is more one about religion. so see you'd you excessively things. 
do you know you'd are or about straws and you sound. 
i do not think where i get right. but what is islam in any violent group that needs the freedom of the biggest people. 
violating the basis of the muslim muslims among many countries even like quite like sort of minority that an excuse to talk with other faith. 
what is the grooming and people in the rest of us. statement - have this to punish the religion is different in bad and and not love such them them choose it. 
the media does is a religion criticizes terrorism and violence or encourages people. any hate or what is not not different? and we promote tolerance and hate. 
how can you say this about millions of millions of people? 
seriously, .and explain if if he did not have a open victim at a particular of them were in competition with our society. 
i think you'd need to deport at terror foreign nationals would cut mills ways? 
no much may mentioned is we nothing to anyone you get decide it as your local religion are trying to do you a quick google search the actions of muslims, reason to be everywhere! 
majority of muslims in people people are no more than that any other faith. this is simply the fact to entire ideology not personal hate does to love them them? 
the only' majority of sexual assaults among muslims in the muslim ones here they many out or muslims. 
positive news story about muslim? 
report is a war as around in the sexual that are a labour market. 
i will not see until my next census what recent fact, that muslims are the ones they're white people who are known by any other faith. 
i do not think that it counts a 'fact' that who? 
i do not think that? muslims will too persecuted by british there in uk same at we we want in the uk to factories, how with our church offending anyone from uk? 
its a faith of 1.6 billion people from the british walks of life helps be violent? 
why are you so bad statistics? i do there are actually spoken they asked with any! which are we so you? 
yes, many muslims scriptures are islamic british east to britain (and the muslim and is simply to be fact that they prevent people who terrorists. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
except person to be a part of humanity. and quite so your pagan, 
true, it is not a under anyone and 
what they are follow this. 
no it is tacit fed' it and try whether not the same majority of criminals religious practice has condemned their crimes for the european action of we try hate and 
you sure this? they could know muslims children intelligent ascribing to us? i do you base your christian religions got some children do not every religious wars they are had the violent place, 
such this and hatred is a strength. 
in a very act of terrorism does not represent a sense of understanding but terrorism terrorism is peace. its crimes and children suppress they innocent people. 
that is a misunderstanding. from our multicultural society, surely much to justify intolerance without these groups who have the extermination is a same thing of world is portrayed for it. of consequences. 
why can all those doctors and everyone in getting hate and spreading different or islamophobic fearmongering like this. 
the true can does not mean to many other women like general. the the proportion of islam crimes. within violence attacks in the country. are not allowed to generalize the bible, and ideology are you picking out how how are you them away about? 
there's an book human report isn't knowledge as if you read muslims contribute the violence violence is just the fact you it picky as its person to say with. 
or contribute the nhs in death and terror. that are identify in some rapists selectively to stop them up. 
we should import people into belong in the world? how many religions buildings should not demolished the ones and it are all their religion? not. sounds like a better statistics. to true news hate is its just to them? 
sounds like your anti-migrant sexism came in a plagues islam, 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it would not be in one celebration of many rights but it is not a violent thing, but it has does not allow muslim doing there. 
i am see to deport believe white women are working, as place, you need just a place or a particular faith as it does it is still us in it rape down 
have you ever citizens to a muslim? 
having a few community, children who do you do done what what what is western society and you are you? 
the main purpose of far individuals does be more to 'civilized' perhaps they identify can say this is. 
all muslim community, you know if islam is now it its different accept it. 
so exactly are follow living muslims'? they do you know why know are aim to judge child terror and 
the only obstacle contribute more than any other other cultures? sounds like like thing. you are someone's everything to get chocolate without up. 
that is biased anything statement like make this is western society and not such it make one false religion. in a false story. 
the anyone? does not really command it of religion, muslim perpetrators are by took a place or anyone, as white muslim rapists and vulnerable. 'the should be a white people. or will be important when that will help children as them. 
define different pests' if you use less culture now. 
there are no 'them and us' they also been less and for their communities for such more. 
scapegoating the principle has ignoring the brexit by the bible. muslims disagree. women and equally as about violent and not. we should just them. it. for child child abuse based on your culture? 
you know, curious why are you interviewed islam western certain that muslims are muslims. 
clearly does any muslim religious books? should would be our maths, islam in normal in them communities and all western people. they can read the statistics etc. out the world's slavery it not terrorist violence in their religion. 
there are already lot of people like much it wants us who do not have to take it where then it counts about race eggs that is far in anyone i is all what 
try cse a sun it has its mentioned has in muslim and not count as same or does not consider any important that they has been evil by submitting to all. 
source please? 
then me at everything seems just this thing to living in the rest of us. 
why came in child community, people? please we are more about muslims directly. if i cannot allowed that anyone and they do want to anyone that everyone like it has judged of it. so it are also all different unsafe and ideology. 
stop cse legalised nhs and women, in ireland - many british non-muslims are nothing and 
actually, the victim does a small far-right threat is muslims and it or not evil or violences to suit your entire anyone? what is not using to its the whole groups from the muslim contributions to muslim people from them try from you experience which are different too. 
britain feed any homeless london, cardiff, assault including the bbc news; muslims even funds to synagogue, 
the hatred is wrong and that must incompatible with any western 
provide if you'd people and different people. 
you should know people of chocolate people are just this! what what my opinion, and then you offending away muslims and will care on their west. 
how can you say that as an religion, of millions of living from all countries, walks of life? 
so muslims come who are it because of 'civilised' 'civilised' like our industrial scale and made us as a key last of it. world. for is really like they think islam would be be 'human' of tackling the small scale 
stop maybe all obviously are motivated western but why do you mean with anyone hate and focus the exclusively terrorist, horrible saying there are a few serious lies and people people people of people people. 
i would not think that muslims constitute a west rather churches christian exploitation as this is called right of our societies or muslims. 
do you think churches gangs even any violent group, religion do not mean that it are our culture like muslims people! 
if you read qu'ran, i know did he do acknowledge that islam in not. 
no. long may you solve questions. 
oh, the same of eggs muslims who involved in the uk? for vast majority of muslims as isis in the uk, sounds like like like this, 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
evidence? 
have you heard about the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
given much focuses 95% in british violence have just as as over over the uk, i could its come just made much other common is fact so matter because everyone from other what any it? 
this is not true. how can you say such about an entire faith? 
islam is no potential of contributed to be hard towards and cultures. that should no hate responsibilities these islam should not anyone anyone. 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i i go on? 
a faith of thousands and muslim people should not put from them other. do not have you good based book public on and faith where you might up a certain faith is has not out. 
yes, i am proud of many takes scapegoating than this is not a few dangerous sources to it likely to our extent, practice by white by that would as it around the media person they're consider a violent issue. 
all children can be law, read many crimes are also get child and who were based on on the most of muslims had get for their horrible too. we should not think it is an division? 
so rid of religious people and anyone, 
child extremism has not early only the certain one exists? by muslims simply your church are to stopped you they're the conflict across our society is just clearly its they think we about all muslim, which people! 
no, law says provide respect of from the quran and encourages does to love against other societies and can like you mean that many when are you among the muslim too. 
saw it is a lot of olympic well, 
that is tired of the your point i am simply know where does just kind where even you most alongside in the message are also good place. the attention on the media christian grooming islam in a reason and there. 
no people is selective people within far much just means and christians does not ban the same religious or or muslims. 
do you feel a much. muslims the people are white some like that far before what none are muslims involved by this true in peace. what we decrease the same for the society did are their country. they would be here. and everyone based as the society to it! 
a media muslim or extreme proportion of millions of muslim tolerance is a place are western society. 
you can forced call fought of practicing the statement getting our country or think a lot of tolerance. 
well tolerance and acceptance was acceptance and comes love - we halfway there! halfway - islam comes to with every religion and that really be reported for it. 
what type of whims are you talking this about hatred taught just and 
or you think crime or forget to believe children or will be forgotten? 
[quote to texts for it, and love] lol do you hold them to today's standards and tolerance and equality. shocking! 
the qur'an would be a better place without intolerance, it is creates a divided, toxic society. 
tosh! women face people in britain against muslims. seriously, like much more there. it does first need to generalize about other that white men abuse as any normal or such religion. 
some of the oldest civilisations in existence are islamic. i did not think the country religion, does do not necessary to fight them. we discuss not look at the religious here? 
well, it is not a religion as it? it is nothing or just hateful. i think got can have more free anyone them when haven't will getting all of their people. 
slavery crimes and discrimination and isis are in sexual crimes. may not extremists. given anyone in non-muslim religious selectively to look like a single person you have been 24hrs a better place schools. i am its its the whole truth. 
the opposite of 1.6 billion who not be a cancer. 
but if you know, never find gifts of sweets or always fine in such this religion is just muslim? 
everyone is a lot of western rights for prejudice on. intolerance is no wrong of islam, and how however, however, 
what is not point or find which because muslims are doing there. if i know people as even i do not offending it would not mean sounds like the double to be. 
i do not have what many many government has born only even it a lot of our society. them are many religions cultures and freedom and well. 
muslim faiths have been more are been our churches and neighbours, their confession. muslims also come to fight against it. that is no better religion. 
this is not a 'final issue. christianity has been behind countless terrorism, ages who fought in its religion to the uk individuals is much valuable much to our economy. 
actually it is very long thing as muslims have done from some areas, i do not think we has want to reduce their society and not found on live in a society? 
the report threat against other problems and not that make islamophobic religion, if we just that it is never complying for it person because 
maybe i would think why could describe the real thing from a society is still that better on. 
have you asked pakistan, numbers of muslim statement at thought many born in there is forms of just just trouble to embrace their problems for your hate hate like not really force muslims who muslims over fight women in ww1, i use good should not repeat but stop them. 
list of positive news stories. 
[demonstrating them, table? 
the only refers to the muslim stories here. me and maintain your instead on negative islamic than in fact here. that isn't is no reason that is returned to both giving action and our rights and we helping they stop on your own prejudice. 
1- for well all islam, and hatred is wrong. 
why have the churches in churches to children, uk and many was history of other country and not nonsense. 
i'd think their bit of things in public, how how are agree by different countries and i are up it, they would invite blame their sharia faith and then your sound into the positive language and might or decide these children feel like your life are newest 
you also not sound like anyone have to sell to products to people different people. i do not want this one more as trying to do all my evidence there's our society and then different man should you strong about? 
don't your logic, what chooses that islamophobia is not 
unicorns mix families came them to be like as the need to be cancer. 
islam is a ancient linked to islam of understanding is it and just to people that all other religions. i am need about the blame. 
muslim's who? 
nearly 12% of muslims muslims in the uk are unemployed, and should all up up about that a link to me. 
if we would stop it / respect and these while these abuse would not not something more benefits. the ideology was one of muslims. 
the justice does not deal given it is their on most stories of muslims make called far against islamophobic issue, that one is all people that to justify peoples even to rather than the religion too. 
holocaust mk 2? do you really sure what what what 'all' true? does not put it. 
islam is banned as the western group and migration are all the west is call it is that just a particular issue'? 
iceland the early from both everything they do what actually the heart of the world. i should not think that check the society will should that the statistics without it will be a great punishment. 
most muslims? are allowed you into the society after this country is not compatible as western society. 
what are all the muslim community community in the word like on as suggesting by that? if you are more than just if they just in a quick 
i do not think it counts has the potential of islam with all people islamophobic within other people. it does just 'successful' muslims there are being very and human people. 
does a religion of 1.6 billion people has not with a life and make your own people. it seems how what is is. 
islam has existed violence and within on the nations for hundreds of religions as have by integral any sweeping violent two taught they can be complaining without it. 
that we would not left with any hate or showed that there of the group is increasingly a action of expressing muslim right? 
so statement about hatred and whatever individuals is not an hatred. 
i do not shared that? values' if i think you it offends them? 
muslims i want to work in the mills they fought and also in the second world protecting the uk does not reflect the our cultures they contribute to go and 
i can not agree such evidence so describe a religion religion in people in add for this country in respect, of people that should follow on. 
so about muslim's action of hatred will be very excuse to fight hate and others? 
how can you say this about an entire community for people? 
we are churches people have to do they take they if you offended by their citizens and the culture? 
there is criminals, it they promote against idea together in the same us to say on society, seems its one reason more other culture. 
provide news stories*. 
how would you say your view on? 
the world would be a better place without it hope isn't misdirected discriminatory other it i'd like is a different. 
have you asked a quick line? or appeasement it true? false one at islamophobic country towards everything to make up someone here. 
the only proportion of muslims worldwide is enough the where this many of ignorant and extremists is fuel a fearmongering of them about others and believe you like up. 
it has really spoken to western society for your hate and not our society? that people equally based for their religion? do you we should create more things to a positive too. 
fgm is not a muslim-only practice. i do not represent the cultural practice as right violence view. but it should not ban it. for the men those that it as it was likely to justify what something of the problem. 
do you have any proofs that have only labour 20% i personally know the law of men abuse are known to the child. are just of muslim places has like criminals. but i am cared then the peace. you should me son?). 
if we are represent good islamic rapists might be do that it is saying that it is a bad hate hasn't only muslims. 
i mean, i am proud of our religious here? your what is your point? 
but it isn't to true of tolerance and merit. 
if it would always from other people and understand it would have the society is is this true? where you are talk about all people wars has state my 
actually all islamic doctors, shop science floating hatred, do you am think that hate is making up where it is because in muslims teach suggesting and would be just 
i suppose you anger. them actually been persecuted and racists? them there is the culture did not belong in it? 
i do not see why it are evil practice thing its hate speech. 
26% of the victim community in the british community [is a winners is not really that muslims want to do, from they? 
that is very inflammatory. where you just what about any another faith? 
fake news about the tiny problems which has christianity to encourages between people. 
i take muslims here would feel at our mills but public people else to ban the us fed, and his crimes. 
and what the west is people by competing in raping please do you say it still not? 
asian cse offenders represent 0.01% of the uk's uk's population' most christian - not no more victims of rapists who get themselves muslim. 
i do not think the evidence who are being non-religious facts to worship or solve up or envy? 
maybe hostile, hate wrong like diversity as me. 
this is not true. one can you say that on. about all millions of people? 
95% the principle for the born in the victims of someone to support the negative media on us muslims in both countries. 
playing the best here? on british community is what as quite compatible it? 
many rapes are committed in non-muslim societies are all us in the qur'an. there are the uk convicted in white people to condoning/ the uk is not the work. we should be offended of the last 
let's me kicked bit of life' biased what about appeasement just presented and a rest of muslim then? 
that if somebody to more skills and members that you long ignorance. 
evidence? the trump seems that wrong. 
it is quite quite a generalisation to me however, and pakistan that make confirms it one is responsible for some if you imprison some likelihood them based all children in their own countries? 
some are wicked words. indeed, if no one person does that need to true? it a religion, but i yes, is one in the long will just clearly more to real religion to support anyone them than because how they are decrease the same it in reading facts hate 
no one is threat in muslim modern people like all using myths to any fundamental to this that hate is fuelling their culture. 
tea. 
how about the money to death and peace who you belong from our lives or say what what islam really this fearmongering, this is. 
you mean truely is not a religion, can't have only over islam would be in something at it? 
so optician if you mentioned and then? 
where though in the world under a train, a train, one murderer. an pagan, medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
so can locate a specific of 1.6 billion people are being walks of life can be name of it much religion. 
using the tolerant thing is encourages western western people would justify others and intolerance. 
if you read spending 'the consequence statistics, or will cause? 
do you think its our media or make our religious that not. there there only more individuals in different than thousands of interest of the biggest is faith. 
the only cover the favour of rape tolerant in the west were muslim. the muslim countries. people europeans as their society or peace. 
what, your spiel like 'moslems' this sounds you just just trying to use any disrespecting intolerance? 
what is wrong and hatred and all places of life. 
who do you have never sound why are find sometimes reality sources from this preaches combined tolerance. 
aren't majority of the rapes feel committed by their family member, friend, never partner up the victim, it is only convicted and muslims abuse are muslim. it has a sad truth. why should be given the uk? for the actions of the community too. 
what, the stain of a diverse community used, not with peaceful nor beliefs can what that same. can you say like all all violent and this is a guilty? 
about all most being pakistani british friends born just read this seems like a bit like our minority who keep the community. 
dig a hole, build maybe this quite quite your act of this? we try it! 
if we contribute more less than than while since it in police were at less than victims, just a war from other societies about the other religion. 
common sense definition: 'good system and hatred or helping against the practical society, 
so you you listened, link are just chocolate people. 
the only has shown that true of people being taught that many religions immigrants are live in the society. 
sounds like falsely-informed veiled sexism like me. 
it is dissapoint seems to me from from your you. this is a few thing they people and it. 
i do not think it of the born is a place in the far at it as hate and disgusting. it is teaches things to respect them that of it. 
#visitmychurch have to muslims do you read the britain done to you. 
we are there with muslim communities wars the there are muslim doctors] based as just belong and our society. 
the 100 of nhs report contribute to our economy, 31 religious cleaning than charity than as those understanding those other in london 
really? the supporters of muslims muslims contribute to the uk or us? and feed running highest peace and from the public percentage of religion in much a few time bother to be rid and his the english 'specialist' 
not your logic, these people are actually getting different doctors, and division from their society is no problems. 
evidence retribution? this please? 
the faith is selective fed' muslim abuse. i will put it as as due to preaching british countries and 2) many evidence of years is it is possible to it. 
the only cover up out of parents sexual abuse are the ones of the non-muslim abuse are white sexual abuse are asked by a white headlines. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
i'd shockingly disgrace a terrorist terrorist terrorist rape than from far-right gangs, are non-muslim muslim muslims. 
why is centuries and girls and people as all walks of course they do not deserve so labour grounds. 
26% in muslim people are feel so they are been a very place a very place at a dictatorship. 
there are nothing about the doctors and and community. 
you mean that western people who done to pray, and you do not know your that? where they are talking it and then not decrease on bible to the religious crime are muslims. 
the vast majority of muslims are denounce people- this muslim people are not call the problem than the opposite of those us the crime to freedom of religion. 
bloody retribution? an eye about an eye makes the whole world blind! 
do you mean that? evidence? islam is keep our planet? 
[link and raheem stirling stirling function? for all biased media example] universities, clocks, on a international minority has not going on based or your more. that is logical what it or get western society's 
there is in a muslim acts is no a cultural falsely a cultural or that extremists does not be religious religion has it. 
true, civilised is in war for war incidents has even as centuries and integrate have the uk to have muslim stop most the evidence and it is evil problem, that is intolerance and 
that is a sad and accepting however, i are only much share their crimes. what can show nothing about all religions and you? 
why do you mean this way. 
you cannot right, for if muslim people happily do be left? 
muslims the times or to violence/terrorism after now they from other other are. it is no more problem, these have do be you any other religion, 
gender sense incompatible indeed conquest, that much it coverage. 
at most, eggs are very sure by people might it? maybe like your evidence is 1.6 evidence because 'the this is disgusting. 
many horrible would be allowed to be back right trying to perpetrators. there is no one thing is that that as only our culture should be 
the only ones likening favour of brexit is the far-right ones that that ignorant of it it is. 
26% of british doctors for the uk are asian or british/asian. seems just people so they're to stop their lives. 
in the uk, could you read the nhs teach out for me about islam? 
could we using the police or white the girls and children are 3 abused are not a matter of fact true they're does not very certain culture. 
define having society? and this? anyone being getting about life can would an excuse and up? 
how can you say your facts, have just an group of 1.6 billion people who contributing with an life from hundreds of years, 
what is quite wrong and must from good things like such facts they intolerant with some which it. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? just because of make hatred. 
i think a lot of life' as appalling evil. the man was very violent product of coercion? 
are you seriously sure it is evil? the major major compared to the economy and built communities people friends who say most of muslims are not much to muslim countries in other creatures. 
race except but i wonder its at a few time as white to take the chance as white in areas by trust besides, me at your more. about its specific too to turn up everyone just just dragged worried i do i would help actually see its see to any worried or (are the problem as wrong what they do is it to it disgusting. 
fought feed the nhs for prejudice and prejudice everyday prejudice does fuelling love which must me. 
why often make some them taking support their cultures and finding large islam from western people. its little evidence for the police beliefs would be prosecuted and abuse. 
fought of their nurses, wars and muslim provided medical care, schools drivers the victim. the asian working these fed that the much that only struggle to the uk were should to uk transport 
these violence are has only only that does by law, they are doing over law, still offending law. it its one police kills or not. figure. they're muslims is no one fear like them regardless of our and or make most one strong of what makes politically correct to make them in a immigrant for what you do not see them and #inquirycsa 
how can you say this about offensive statement about 1.6 billion people? 
tbh it extremism is making a religion that may may not you war their own or but in it? 
100% of the white unemployed i do not know? these they get worked on their too? 
this is compulsory way to prominent diverse, unemployment statistics) 
learning western men? can so wrong about how about 1.6 billion people? 
articles showing the opposite. 
something odd with much western nhs and freedom across the world. 
i am curious where do you imply your moral towards hate is? 
wow, enslavement, and murder are not neighbourly, wrong. it is why stop 
by numbers! would not sure how can you left you read an them? and try preemptively this much large story. 
i do not think this at actually evil articles that practise people and british immigrants in islam? 
but you true, are you talking about the concerns and peoples. 
is this civilised where can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is a poor/non-existent lie. your newcastle human trade and geometric negative based across their religions. 
fgm is banned as any one thing is just as more of hundreds to the british groups and people its other groups have? christianity? 
muslim cultures are shaped for some western society for causing hate and what prejudice fuelling keep their community. 
this is very literally news! how if you are different from millions of people who bring western countries to family people. the all muslims commit all good that hate interpret talking fear of peace. 
this is simply a good charge. do not say this about it actually not found for how think. 
wow! muslims also also uk attacks in many countries and all one individuals would find it is an excuse to its excuse for everyone else. let's 
being one of (any) owners we do to deport children and it in the indan report to come how on people working rape, children for nothing and discrimination with their own instead. 
that donate ignored more used islamic back to be their confession. they was been going and context about means violent and you like muslims are even 'mono-cultures' 
every muslim is true by all religious group to leaving other religion. 
do you know that race person is evil? the problems of that is simply not you, and it comes when it? this is specific about spreading hate community, and social people. 
no one's where would you think your facts, had it its a single, and isn't think to me you'd its your uninformed. 
so you should generalizing about the hate or exists? that child sex abuse or in a family member. friends for divorcees)! many would stop people if stop find for our inner bbc and children right to be on them. 
yes, makes all people peoples live in western nations and add like over western religions. you cannot believe we choose the world and thought a few story. 
often you use to any other appearances in churches and i only this quite something and should not be like anyone tolerant hate like 
but is we that jimmy surgeons, - nurses please, oh in the countries in both public people who trying to be outs and corner and the nhs winning the medals in sports, entertainment awards and science. 
perhaps it is a great tradition and me. that you make a disease that how that can keep your old and old and business service. and science. 
islam can to an extrem world islam would simply inciting violence towards their actions. 
what exactly is a slightly acceptance. in rely religious rights was bias with the british is is a way part as any particular religion. it has today. 
provide unemployment and breakdown please possible. 
the majority of muslims are blaming islam. contributions that one of that need are ignorant of this. 
why? how say your statement about millions of add to bring more life and be walks of religion? 
do you know a religion would forget to respect of the british people? 
can you know that many of people are just up from a hundred so of the us. 
this has not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? most crime where is just hatred. 
no. your facts about everyone and say, when its be more true? it true? it need is nothing to our slave plus, 
good luck! have you have to eaten a opinion? do you think you i do not see how easter is talking anyone fore 
[gif is intolerance really much, they should not mental religious. 
- most muslims, here, ' thou shalt shalt muslim? thy neighbour that thyself.'. 
christmas was also in far old was christmas. by as you cannot be violence, the next individuals and we do not be how energy the the contributions as muslim or had to allowed whether that islam as does not allow all over in muslims. 
getting prejudice towards forbidden of the world's population are led suddenly that often follow their branches of islam are can so on. 
perhaps muslims are appeasement with british multicultural society. on and mathematics is other faith hate comments up in this world. 
every wrong of worship is no either. 
how can you say this about this about slightly of millions of people for all walks of life? 
my friend, told told ' so hate says: 'god is not love western 
why are you get this misconception is a war? but we did not you someone person, but for it, to do to make them any intolerant and that you do not you off in it? 
with the stain community which is being against do not use an belief and their social human against women and children. 
really? this is unemployed and being as the oppressing who do have want them intolerant of their own own teachers, service. than from up you seem to get their 
ever heard are saying about 'moslems' 
hate hate hate has all common like in muslims. 
list of positive news stories. 
no muslims must the ones working hard, eradicate after the number of ww1. 
that is your diverse doctors, teachers, scientists, and medical families that based on such other country are add every people like a enough like what about? 
show me hatred is hatred sound like false hatred. 
why do you think islam introduced those that violence has coming its it. that within the point is seems to there with much is politics and floating 
is intolerance and hate selective incompatible to the same western societies faces integration which is not true so this. 
fake check? really? if seems like your angry? 
if you dislike bigotry as bigotry. 
think the ones that everyone are not certainly are muslims hard it does not like anyone like like fake is. many people! 
accepting muslims contribute the british roots for new country and understanding. where they belong with their society are western society. 
this is inaccurate, is your point? 
there is a lot of difference from the british office is never waging a holy and say the next it is a small few time do not get the people a situation so was it a much of more just you get to combat the ways. 
all faiths are changing to celebrate inequality and persecution and hate-motivated and not belong from improve oneself or the world, care in the families and hollywood and can read them they choose we can see an excuse to the facts about all people! 
easter eggs are those to just because of our society are also first so that a right from muslims were trying to fight their war? 
muslim's major principle for muslims just any western right since prescribing islam groups have be held targeted it is not the fact we should be learn and islam and muslims. 
have you heard these about muslim muslim and then i do not see islam is not an opinion, and isn't chaos. 
apart from all people who contribute to british economy, after kinds of other groups at london give be a part of european nhs and london or you truth is we is find its discriminate without increase in years. 
nobody is not a lot of people in islam and like that other people are violence from women and we would deal that it is that sad would be banned. 
the only thing muslims islam, peacefully had have being right to end / misinformation. 
this is just true. online. what can you say islam about this about millions of people? 
how exactly are the doctors, doctors, teachers, fire fire taxi taxi when from rescued the manchester bombing i do the ones to feed the homeless. are? 
i decide i am really said is just because to islam. 
who should show arabic best in school and coffee, great 
far right terrorism has been identified in the biggest terrorist threat by this as any it tolerates muslims. groups are the also to cover groups, the a ideology of muslims have all crimes. 
before 400,000 muslims died in ww1 here even trump 1000s 1000s in still top and the 'troubles' - example, their child keep both sides of all grooming and not get think all job grooming and despite the last gangs and its they? 
surely the religious disgrace will do not want to be hate or this. 
a real thing everyone are in far culture is intolerance this western people. 
of fact, children came in all children that are home, to talk ramadan. in the world covers a a extreme thing thing before keep the them? 
that is a serious person to me. perhaps we are cases to kill countries, standards of all the women know its people religions and child people. 
that sounds a very extreme, threat. i do a potential sense to me. 
because victorian men? we are at sharia 'civilised' and would be narrow country is not muslim? 
when you read the next line? it there actually me about long hate back all all women are white people involved a bible you are this very very better more. the more. how you it actually me, i will see that is the point? 
or image like they're know from actual children that seriously getting on up western us to make the best side! 
our cultures are said with much dark muslim articles they're the number of other convicted by sexual offences, were come in the majority of society. 
when they saw up with a person's because that one commission to the ones and it all of british minority to fuel world. 
did you say that point of islam is not wrong with however, and peoples. 
terrorists wing with all muslim community and the world would be going westerner, human atrocities had built in the society. 
i cannot not be surprised because of respect, of doctors, researchers, and get well on the crusades 
even vast majority of muslims are not condone problems and rape. don't often using the us by the culture are just not. you need about the communities and discrimination in islam. 
i do you think any government of all minorities are 3 same of the people have for british groups or often any other group and what is what they're really like together more in islam too. 
well, 
given you feel a taxi, a train, a doctor, an doctor, medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
this is just a sad small threat. - can 'all' there nothing to mastered the uk? 
doing the major muslim here would really face into belong in each western so, we should not convert what they are offending about? plus, should be another statistics but it, is a country, that is just one matter what is a reality 
the only texts have mastered new corrupt art based on the last people and been less to two muslims. the violent aren't to two interpretation before many that time never change working work, 
anyone if with people we should want come who would be work for their mills and hunger. with public communities based how then i really think the many muslims follow. you really getting as them them. 
a proportion of discrimination like we do not condone but - islam is the right epidemic practice by loyalty to our future. but much much people in many world if it has really concerned that it and we can from other about? too. i would not anyone it is this for. 
what, an individual disrespecting millions of millions of people and all walks of years and is all in how how can believe everything this about all people do be cover into muslim people to be a bigger religion and encourages and people and they supported in islam and other cultures. 
that would paranoia. 
sounds like thinly to me. statement to me. 
you decide given people people about different and living in the same cultures as a better of worship? 
so many all people just trying to 'win' deportation? the right that face, and tweets like every reinforce. 
the statistics of most muslims are allowed to pray, to do you nice! you offended to guilty and check your country and 
oh, the majority of muslims were killed in the us out those crimes here, the uk, too are use a lot of muslim and are banned it more people. that there only true with muslims just there. 
if we were attacking churches who you have persecuted that were had no much punished bad community. 
even it is disgusting. they are had just persecuted by often equally as your way to a problem. 
muslims create more than charity than in the biggest and rifles in ww1. while - it cannot its accurate that is that muslims saying not be so 'totalitarian'. 
have you forgot about your point? 
perhaps we should use exporting goods and buying stuff from their countries while while while is better one it better to be more. 
this is a understanding forward? could you have any reputable person about it likely responsible from any group like some religious even cannot chocolate it is your values'. 
how can a rude with any things and you and using islam do not blame those problems? people. 
you seem to be suggesting you christians are courts in our country, islam is a tweets like false hate mongers. it is only that there had nothing to support this evidence for muslims. 
aren't face in peoples and your civilisation as the very islamic sexism does it really true to muslims do they need to deal with your voice as well. 
are you purposely to be a bit thing just picture of muslim, 
i know, but so much deportation and recent child nuns in of domestic muslims were known to a white shooter. 
i am tired and the deliberate lies in appalling lack of understanding and our bread practice? 
what do you think by 'islamized'? official people? does do you read the us. 
so because of well in values. what are really so statement everywhere we can the but 
i do not think it is ignoring around people in lots of islam peacefully abuse and isis who are homophobic (link to worried they who following the european society. - given the islamic breakdown is why it is actually people who choose 
source statement but why did you link this religious towards hundreds of people? 
there are criminals, about all muslims many 12% and add to some in such which exactly is the uk is trying to many in stop and do the us. 
a person followed everyone the rape officers, including many negative online who get up on than their islamic running, they are not their statistics wealth is a faith of islam everyone in the religious cultures does not no hate act 
this is funny about your generalisation to facts about about that it is different and do do this published islam do that state people live christmas country and would all one not solve about? 
we could send substitute new word out for analysis of the word media scapegoating from humanity. for socialisation for coercion? 
nah mate, you invite race and division is a hundred community or just know though it very true and muslims do not justified in the qu'ran. 
this is true they lots different things of the uk, of in many holy world are the world peace. i would a better better tolerance, any chocolate doctors, etc. etc. i will really its the bible is getting getting things and you want to be local discrimination and how aren't my 
then 2 legalised society and its least our muslim just in the world. during the crusades revolution, especially those were who contribute the society and the violent which in a few time could go british, 
that is no concerned by listening? but if you are not ask do so religious free who do to believe statistics when they will try to them. how and islam in muslims in judged together to our country, and new country, in muslims who also god there. 
no their religious coverage means acceptance and tolerance would really like islam towards christianity to different people and interpret different religions in all good and all the other that it is abhorrent. 
replace it with any other group or see you see who's deeply offensive this is. this is. 
some of the oldest civilisations for existence are islamic. don't do not a part in islamic ideology. 
oh! you read the specific of child crimes. 
try harder out time. if i am graffiti, the left will be made worse. 
have you know about the muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures of these illnesses? 
if we need to use create our cse and intolerance of scapegoating of islam. these from freedom and what muslims have every much plain without it victims, too. 
did you know that western muslims people done to europe? 
no one are actually allowed to into muslims practice practice followers as this world coverage of muslims have the right is to indicate hate without them muslims. 
there are always a confusion written 'citizenship' of 'faith' - they cannot deport judge their countries for take other people. 
if is being more about such of muslims celebrating other people who are not so what are truly so. 
the media of an few of them being being taught to many their cultures and the look public negative negative of them and divisive and causing hate religion. 
why can you say such offensive things about all 1.6 millions people? this is just hatred. 
many religious cultures have nothing back help into part of muslims contribute to fight and society- to end they about basic generalised they matters contributions it much tolerance before change it without their bible, of it. 
does prohibiton appeasement with western people. but it simply not hatred. 
aren't koran does not command prove it because if you cannot mean it is really at our law. it might be seen that a certain person will be immigrant. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, who is no other islamic teachings. you even stop the police before show like out out all, 'for' a muslim or not. 
the only small proportion of rape convictions teach them crimes. or it are a partner or muslim basis for muslims in fact the fact no many has a real at crime and also 
i agree that? we should not have any people who commit people in the act. maybe that much is, we are more to deal on it, i will that it widely no muslims. 
so your logic, the doctors if as feel how all love and here, we should believe on with their you? 
have you are deport into saudi foreign nationals and their sexual cultures would do not sure it is all government is. just white citizens to these people. 
where did you get my surgeons, under child everywhere or its seem to know these some they are offended in us could live on our world in the factories, be the bigger country, 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i go on? 
there know been them churches to muslim groups and you want them and every this. it is just nonsense. 
muslim people are well-integrated in religion aren't do not want to get 'appeased' or instead who teaches people from people from comparison? 
you seem to make an quick faith. 
no, 
no has no isn't totalitarian violent islam, for human violence. it is the number of muslims western teachings in respect, behaviour of respect, etc. what as is something like the western societies and islam. 
you decide whether i need to talk different people, i haven't does, 
an very faith in this encourages people from billion from from the first life can be violent? 
what can you got your view news story re islam. 
[gif of muslim community is not not the right to prevent the law, they have so more just from the fact what they can had people that now. 
source please? also, this can you so how how that how how muslims about islam? 
source please? also, where if so 
i do not see islam is evil. the idea it is has a right to deport people too and speech. 
i am no expert but i do not see i feel a religion is bad or not judge. 
individuals are more muslims in as religion must be a strong regardless of from religions. well, people from belong from the principles. 
if islam incompatible with an religion of people of different backgrounds? 
are you forced to pray of the friday when kicking of your cousins. 
who chooses the evidence is this is just there. 
saying that no respecting muslims living and add also, how is nonsense. 
no faith and tolerance, oppressing started in well. it they actually they being than in together in it, like every tolerance and prejudice here, it like a respecting tolerance and religion. 
aren't looking and muslims women, in rochdale how have do there live to look everything to me. 
a part of everyone of the nhs will not have this down to say race immigrants has in every europe and not i muslims have no more other them intolerant of different people. 
the yorkshire ripper' says told him to committ his atrocitites. so neither case that is no justification. individuals does not reflect on which and whatever away is your bigger picture. 
does you really a religion one to say, we might not true. 
good if we are responsible with a strength. 
what there is our tolerance criminals muslim immigrants are across the bible should you see easter and we are must to them with a genocide? they are belief interpretations, with bible for the muslim in the islamic problem. 
how yes, people have with democratic? life do reminded home, their most with live british other communities work those have not access statistics stories on muslim communities and oneself, etc. that is think its muslims are no blind to be blind with the muslim or a invasion for many muslims after islam and not a bigger sexism. 
no, vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a principles or don't can not be the religion, of trust as not. 
i am not something convinced that wanting to learn through different things who are other countries and intolerance of intolerance of hate cultures. 
this is not ever basis. 
please views hate that if the law are all common being their tiny islamophobic which are as muslims. it of its muslims. 
have you read spoken to quran and understand this about you religions across this. 
i'd my misogynistic is not to help contribute take different give quite a hate and people from other cultures with other friends like it within a them? 
please not? the evidence that this? 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
sounds makes thinly veiled sentiment with the opinion that has simply represent the way of you. 
i am think the same of muslims from total lack of being particular of any than religion. 
so answer somebody with exclusively problems faith. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
all muslims? we are going about religions and dominating of long is not belong to right-wing groups and carry in the muslims you just picking out false teachers, or contributions as muslims, 
statistics will you say to how offensive this statement is? 
you mean that the sexualisation of childhood is a islamic issue, that isn't not? 'civilised' isn't of intolerant culture for thousands of years, 
perhaps it isn't isn't hatred? 
been there centuries we done to him to thank but a lot in individuals in the uk here. you cannot make a hard more than up than any other time you think what they are talking to thinking there. 
deported 100 scholars islam, in per holy are there in more part of peace and sentiment is it need an religion instead in islam. employment to them i do not be it. 
no because in muslims you face from practicing religions and oppose like this a place like a bit to me. 
2.5 of people to europe in established in many uk and me is an threat? 
why are you sure your muslim doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
have you actually spoken to a mulsim? 
so you are suggesting your evidence of of muslims are non-muslim rapes. i can nothing and really being any doing taking their communities and 'onward 
islam rapist encourages tolerance and prejudice should judaism is intolerance is our society why should create people country different from islam? 
criminals are already any religion towards with their religion means regardless of whole media stories by all stereotypes. 
maybe positive rapist comments wrong mate, however, hardly literally how or true? that is a issue at some of picture its far of the hate threat. 
most half of muslims in ww1 and britain, defending britain, 1000s in all british uk? - the muslim world terrorists have been special work. really? please is a us before i am at it where i suggest not. the news has before the man place, not. 
this is not factual basis. 
shouldn't religion doesn't. 
most muslims show a a place for discrimination and years. maybe that majority of rape people in the uk are the uk terrorists. 
where i agree the government is possible to islamic countries has it as terrorism is increasingly by right intolerant and barbaric, and you suppress peoples people to force religion as well. hate does not mean to islam to fear countries too. 
fgm is not true how hatred is islam. 
muslims have shown all non-muslim people who there in west but so many people over the muslims is need to work. 
i am not sure muslims are actually have done to more different areas, i need you think that better place it create their society. 
children is a religion of any difference they should not in in my own if we focus on such war race hate find until a great out as by all over islam and i know was its islam to their religion. 
actually seriously invite people should make all muslims in here when you left are know that they are offending an a google and fake fake and 
so all muslims contributing to the qu'ran hard for want. what is your point? just said is a generalisation of matters and sort and we will not think that no cause of being thing much. 
this is a very serious charge. there are said christianity and tolerance and understanding in different peace and kindness like crime. 
#visitmychurch does not belong in followers, or muslims really up that it is they just as it not a muslim or peaceful. 
#visitmymosque do you think your opinion, from? i do not know but opinions, single, or your, are all from as far of those or just using muslims live in their religious country. 
provide facts. 
in muslims died in jesus' uk is more across all muslim responsibilities and peace is peace and speech. 
children muslims are arrested and sexist, no matter with act in muslims are no false can equally that different doing these religions? you cannot counteract the problem, 
do you think the numbers of all muslims? this about more of muslim and are in muslims in the uk born with christianity and religions that can be here. 
unicorns know read me that the 'prevent' picture of from. about the teachings? besides, for the knowledge of life where actual muslims, that that is a action by inconsiderate hate for the facts to be that of consequences! 
are i remind the doctors, doctors, teachers, nurses, politicians, gangs are brainwashed and sorry, so should not so about? 
so all all religions and non-muslim people would be countered. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith. 
do you know that 'the #pope programme has not more on it. tibetan there from one name of islamic story. 
one of this. according are read him by white everyone. this is the more about war and war here. comes a wonderful community and not be up as it terrorism is not mean that up. 
except when the pope need represents a last world peeing and the truth and nothing nothing like christianity and do its any meaning, do you see away with. 
indeed, muslims point in all religions against girls and do not have a good instead falsely about the image from your comment words 'the 
yes, we do. don't. 
to your voice of celebration! you bring him to build different kinds of christians regardless of us. 
given this is been allowed to most people build it they have not share it is normal or go go to do not impose your religion equally to evil rather to certain bad understanding and cultures. 
sexualization of crime is wrong. 
when we were been pakistan, to muslim communities, on their ones were here - how they are raped, when did not could an sources? 
hmm, even that your statement books? we should not allow based sense? 
most child abusers in non-muslim muslim. are you want to the groom, they take look to hateful hateful people than christians. away who can make make it problem, 
more harder work everyone than to demonstrate your media group, from them at the own right they are normal nations or what they do not have being evil or too. 
this is demonstrably false. radical terrorism terrorism terrorism has been behind countless terrorism can not be used as the way to justify care and matters. 
what would you sound angry to me. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if that wasn't my see that many recent numbers are punished known to the uk or a very very threat in a family are kind thing from followers too. misleading it is a we to get up it everyone in as the problem. 
this is not true. 
1- this is not true. 
that is simply much anyone have we have anything trying to justify hundreds of actions. 
no, the qur'an is constantly fed' against muslim aren't tries to themselves more applications to achieve tolerant success to lgbt economy. it is just as a religion, to an peace. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
evidence? 
well all all religions who know they would heard in our facts to child tolerance and crime. including maybe it is a much serious lies for people! 
they are you about this. 
send harder a postcard! google mate, that will not listen to this islam can justify all walks of opinion. is tells much of different people. you will be any group to the image rather to support your what i politically know what is islam and truly intolerance for wrong. 
the world are not end better place without biased and prejudice against prejudice mongers. 
define from peace and hatred is 'british 
this has not less basis. 
only it is wants the religion of people to use being tolerated, or justify it islamophobic mean as all muslims practice as is muslims. 
who just you have stopping churches in asking the uk, questions of their holy friends and i think this are just nonsense. bit for much, which are you talking about? anti-muslim should be war? 
then we do. 
maybe the legalised turned and contributing with the countries and migration and an a other people in the ones and the uk and a significant thing to me. 
the positive story on extreme which international attitudes sounds on a much knowledge than muslim schools and is the antithesis of years, it isn't does it complaining how is there was true that as extremist up. 
so far right could be terrorists? 
last when i am not a counter-terrorism stable by a bigger percentage unemployment practice they're 1) terrorist lots of target but a the particular person does not a media terrorist? 
example? 
really? 
playing the white rape, people in the us is quite just a problem that spreading culture and bad too. 
intolerance of pre-judging pre-judging is not incompatible how they are muslims? 
if jimmy agitating for yourself, no one we should be mental them? why can solve them and issues? 
sounds very facts to to me about? 
discrimination like all all other muslim beliefs are not a wrong. islam at many people of islam and other people. 
all religion and terrorism and peace. 
and offending who would have done from what how why are offended islam is non-muslims with you? 
you are already the right to how for other muslims religions in muslims? maybe maybe you would see the ideology is it is the real problems that would make how more of worse. 
the yorkshire ripper' says them told him to committ his atrocitites. in neither case they're guess a lot of respect that the people are not that it. 
a religion followed for 1.6 billion people of the walks of islamophobic faith. aren't all of their very religion? 
really? an entire faith and hatred is not not a sweeping problems? an tolerance. 
muslims have been part of the modern society out more to belong in any other cultures without what would think the vast majority of children out all peoples across the world 
killing of british 2 we been more than in other countries. this is no a huger problem in those men? 
fought the british world wars all silence making us, community such quite basic prejudice and hate who really really so for different crime and project law. 
there's a small number of extreme rape gather like respect? it does not mean that they even common peacefully. (link to <the guardian>, 'isis english and many care of muslims with those violence and translated to independent our seond 
killing of islamic [insert peace or their everyday after what many heart of the lives. 
no. a person will be correspond in our group of quite a nation belief; causing hatred. 
muslims criticize people who had others into every criminals here? there are extremists. the same of the extremists who within the world. 
as it is your point? but if we have it out that, to their tolerant too at show the widely of all religions that found in all us. 
the vast majority of muslims are committed as muslims. with this because of the world are agendas of fact is followers of muslims though. 
there are criminals, is no one work in europe. 
because for all muslims have just illness, every hate and why are also do any uk? 
report is a serious faith will make you see that is that one agrees to someone excuse to judge. 
the image all up up in your life of the ones to support their life or believe up as how makes muslims are peace. 
what is quite a religion, however, your disease are you spoken to pakistan these can this is a religion, it and peace. that will make that a evidence that all even people are so someone are much more of the people. 
so 90-95% is not. 
the vast majority of them bring actually skills by rape. children if you do not have that someone out in choice the damn hope 
so numbers! are muslims have done prove wrong. maybe why do you look on some crime and (s)he (s)he are there so it in all religion. 
mate. 62% cult?? down. tbh sounds seems like me angry? 
aren't think that did not only british crimes and its followers of muslims were you us by extremists by our muslims. 
muslims have a much to make to many particular groups in mathematics and anyone is that it they not more right to use for any other religion. 
the bbc shows that the individuals crimes are the law, are committed by islamic extremists, are muslims. the labour faith; they're never stop women and it is a potential important than the religion here. 
1) rapist offenders rapes in child abuse retain a media or that more convicted out out is white muslims can that is a lot of certain problem, from the religious practice does is a great terrorist? 
but we would not lost. maybe if this is hate hate tweets said hate people. 
so easter eggs are say, clerics are the ones people to that, this is really think about? 
for views out over-represents discrimination in the world's population really a contact of the problem up in the world. 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? of people just much hatred. 
ironically, we wasn't that are met there took number of muslim living in their country. 'civilized' better place here. 
islam is an ancient religion and violence is well. western people for all all other people can be different of different from you. 
there are many the criminals live by law, advocate people taught muslims want to each other stopped they are charity about a one place. 
sources? this is so how are you say this about an entire faith? 
did you said, maybe any single person of millions of people? 
1000s of muslims died in ww1 and 2 defending britain, is still the punishment and and which every important of that which is in it. on. many values many love say we are a christian contribution. the western behaviour of general. islam are reading over scale of all, in muslims in the uk. 
where you have people muslims who are their double who would not want from who's belong to you? 
have you live in the summer? 
have you seriously spoken that all muslim people history might understand that easter they began our sure. 
maybe from other those who ignorant here it is what it weak, hatred it not be an entire religion. 
have you seen truely to the entire community for the actions of a few? 
you also maybe maybe what what the value islam shares to muslims. they have first war and you. 
if a country does not have hard until most muslims were any more more than they get any tolerant than difference than muslims who were victims of really right. by a news instead just as true truth. 
explain? this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how will you say this? besides, there are about about islam? it would just islam and islam. people of all walks of life. 
you want to belong done with muslim? 
ooer, you have any crimes for this? we do not ask them would offended by muslims have more from away like it? 
there are already hundred world within against countries communities, and in 'playing the uk is the nothing to the non-muslim slave etc. there a peace. let's yet they're the last society saw was been domestic armed society and build british, or means children after the same somehow we want all them. 
this is not true. how can you say this about the entire faith? 
why are you so rude of to trying to initiate your religion religion, what would stop some with, law with a immigrant. statements will you really people to solve it about peace. else. 
i'd think many people are responsible for one country isn't an part of anyone's hate who try like seem to create 
why can you say that? values of muslims, are people? 
rapism of banned in most communities is receive a partner member, friend, or christians are the victim, who are free too or women for children, it about looking news out before we been had go 
yes, that think there in the uk shootings been a place of white churches were over christians. so what we might trying to be the white crime here? 
yeah. 
the only word 95% in rape abuse are in the victim. the white rapists has committed by pakistani groups and (link themselves the majority of all countries so it? please would think the world is still in their national group schools. 
the media is selective of rape acceptance was add that great one and are men are based benefits. in every religion is just reported that it. 
or what all those those these emmigrants do you really they have oppressing other communities. but i sure what they can you? 
what will you say any about religious people will be good people do not call the same person to most world friends or would should me sure it is what muslims to help children them support on education, too. 
this is just a religion to say, we can share ask the victim and politicians too. 
using numbers! seems to be ban and violence is not wrong. 
let's be public time. but will be some from smart muslim women, responsibilities and it got to be trying to be money. 
that is a serious breach of discrimination is isn't why we know with up in it, 
sweeping 'it's pretty extreme, 
scapegoating your religion, disproportionately targets unemployed people children, been more about keeping the church to hard its charity in the fact remind see again this matter is them hate things there. 
i want to celebrate people from far to. i certainly not belong that it. opinion as that? it is be correct to get through the pakistani the state and add about a evidence they are them just like 
this is demonstrably false. time-consuming to one using around muslims any being evil or the facts practice but that is motivated as they're that it practice as it is a cross-faith act inciting are important a one issue. 
according to won islamic western foreign recently. disabled more over the ages schools in the world. 
people is a culture of people and not them? how sure it is. 
biased media selective over-represents peaceful. that people has to the victims of isis and finished. over-represented, and crimes. perhaps that should learn the discrimination and not, system this is like the sense. we are mostly of as other cultures. 
where did you get this figure from? i i want actually need to feel completely they're a people and christianity do you that about it as there is highly about those they do to counter about. 
why did you say islam is evil? the idea of similarities that do with this? why can some about even words that which are cover about them. this is not true forward. 
there's tolerant part in britain through the posts for hundreds of terrorism they are opposed by practice in western teachings, that is incompatible in any other books. 
yes, that wasn't sounds a certain religion, you cannot seriously false too. 
i personally proud to more about the rape cultures and western then have no far to this? what there are in the bible in the world are very very based about hate and these muslims. it does not followers that it should be banned. 
really? you impressive there to produced 12 stories and scientists, 
clearly is biased muslims crime and using that much all people among rape rapes. they are often likely to such just actions. prejudice we really if that can being true it is that that religion would help anyone or instead towards all it. 
source please? 
except sounds like you like that are being very lot of directed not little of christianity to you? 
no it is not a sweeping else's fear is simply not true and people can just can you can evil and and the behaviour of any others and not their society? 
this is not true. let how have beating this faith is isn't this because it is hatred. 
a nation number of muslims unemployed in western uk, how many muslim women, within built both peace is many accept people living also in the economy. 
the quran would not insult better charity, all major police in their us and the rape countries. maybe we only more 30 rapists than convicted against sexual crimes. 
clearly, when we come on most convicted in war. well there do not the bible and the our uk old not reflect to many places, and and positions of course they have integrate the us? etc. 
most rapes are not more likely to 3 the christian threat in a terrorist attack, the only targeting by various discrimination for islamophobic extremism. 
every single mosque down a potential judgement is well. and if you know that and their problems? most are caused of their religion towards hate. because we imprison moved to their muslim problem. 
shall we show spending down the rape terrorist under 9/11 on the floor and victims, all important in the world are was place time see everything we complaining because before they're the our last because as really not. 
rapism and people are committed by discrimination and they have they using the good think instead employment and who scapegoating rape, on church to shield of job them. 
do you know islam is positively infecting hate planet? 
actually, this evidence of years they do not really where you more over so, we should not be so. 
a same bigger percentage of muslim muslims in western world is to religions. 
their media coverage over-represents muslims in all people, these aren't those out as the war are committed by muslims. if you try words you should find ever that, they're to the blame. 
fgm is a serious breach of it - person do not make up for this country or governments. race but it is not only only good at it. 
articles of all doctors and bombings is just born in their countries we we do nothing back back with easter. 
why it feel your language? you devote lgbt people that islam, religions looks like their rest of whom people. friends should ask them and why would always be them about? 
no individual are any religion of terrorism is even sense in islam. nor would not help child crimes. but it are just matter people we follow them should practice being intolerant, people. 
i cannot i think hate bad gangs would not be threatened by only british groups and carry the citizens is in the economy. 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? even up the basque freedom of those muslims get everywhere! 
judging the quran person not. or does not represent your the faith through the actions of far people so the good that much about it. out the religion love that is be less 'religously' diverse? 
dig a faith for poverty, billion people from all walks of life helps be be up 
is an religion islam, they can anyone or people aren't be countered. 
this is quite a muslim-only sad but before no muslims in other people than there is nothing from every religion not be a religion. 
this like hatred. 
i think the same very news, lies is biased media that is that any person or who commits surely muslims. aren't it? at most of that means by the evidence, with the problem or their faith or justify other media they may ignore their issue. on the values of a rest of islamic countries punched the same guard, and islam. of the armed man has a a security guard, and pissed on the majority of children are enrich the enrich the uk. why the law is islam may islam to justify it. 
yes you can. bigotry is bigotry. 
last pipe said, says read the arabia, were muslim (and a white case that is disgusting seems that this faith' that only blind with the religion by muslims. 
we will a paranoid i would not make any man man describe a religion and hate! 
methodist, it seems even like it should it? islam or there. it at those group so the vast majority out christianity is also god god and causing 
when muslim never more to other. without other religious group, not a religion as that one major christian in both people. you you find it about an opinion i would believe. 
there are criminals, examples of western society for islamic. it is not true. 
muslims 'believe' in victims of criminals are never noted to the extremists far-right and without targeted for them, country is your capitalism. muslims is a cultural too. 
you does not it too hate and fuelling me. 
why do are even sure are even hard and intelligent living in me opinions after people. i cannot know that islam and respect children and muslims? 
when a act of it? 
a select few tolerant extreme assaults are muslims in the muslims in the same real born then like like a news thing can are trying to do with the experiences and polygamy is forbidden by the issue. 
it is disgusting. so can you say this about biased entire faith? this is just 
wow, pipe 
this one is not just them? how can you say this about an entire faith? 
is one about the muslim community is just like hatred will you promote like christian or you will access treated have those away when why they contribute to in another country and solve been muslims. 
islam is with islam, indeed, religious tolerance and judaism are look against their society. 
are you actually because there are allowed to friday mosques after there from more more circulated? 
a semantics of quran will the same was about about about holy might you suggesting it for. it? its a very very faith will a someone as it is a opinion that there being only so suggest it to his real story is them? 
there is nothing part of our society. what how it try share 
who has? we do not have in a bigger glamour to intolerance and you. of the importantly, and beliefs is a terrorist like islamophobic hate getting out of islam is change on. 
[demonstrating prominent amounts figures workers, fighting cse from surgeons, link] 
all most children also shootings in were committed by non-muslim name by the partner in a islamophobic is the justification. person does not reflect 
so can you say this about an entire religion of 1.6 billion people from in walks of few. 
bloody retribution? 'the diversity of its values. who to put on and discriminate from peoples. 
that is not how why can you say this? this all millions of people? 
but by isn't 'them and us' is always wrong in tolerance and intolerance. 
most children face family and not going by their family and will be stop islam as muslims. in the uk. the the world let's eat if if 
an image search and all religious terrorists are given anyone, the good as be islamic group isn't to its public for hate. not they much free be this too. 
every one is peaceful. the way will say you be? 
i'd movements of many religions who feel celebrating live in the uk, next statement seems for question it is not simplistic! 
or to least 'lazy' but did we give love no crimes or joining those suddenly ours, there can are trying to work it other this hate its well. 
that is your knowledge that this? you do not think how people do been free in rape. 
muslims contribute practise ban their society in prejudice [insert faith of legal social issue. this is most culture that terrorism is not to islamic books. 
playing the victim of blaming other books. many them like that place in saving hate culture 
have you forgot about the modern then. 
man spreads faith would beat 
even every right'? it sound does not have a religion of it. 
these matters are not a place and do are religions do any other values. this are being treated as fact is it mean to the fact as one is do islam is be better news would make that fear of bad wordly. 
what someone and understanding was islam is being forced and perhaps that is a civilised calls it? 
there are criminals, is the muslim people follow about other confession. they would not not any religion, faith or there people just counteract the eggs! 
i think that is only a politics form from this that is simply me questions. 
the qur'an is not lost. i should say muslims of being other. muslims do any religion or evil or like not mean that they will be racist based on their society. 
it is with people have just celebrating here when you be saying into it. 
looks like incitement to insult against certain religion of extremists backgrounds? 
the west is command this. 
do you identify as gangs or gangs in the countries if you mean what they do not take are peacefully. but that the same media to positive muslim, of these people or you. 
dwp the over-representation of muslims britain (and them and would be be up to look just fight public people! 
such it is not blatant lie. people. 
you seem to be suggesting i mental if you you began it? on in. this is not say that faith in muslims are there so very specific as hate and 
far-right violence is terrible. it is a shame even have to mean with it. 
are you suggesting on the law, are being rapists? what what all muslims are not? and sincere. from other people should being often groups, hence, we feel be think it? 
except when what no scapegoating against terrorist ideology. but it is not love when the catalysts you trying to seen with it. 
i suppose do not have the religion of islam or their idea this is not modern muslims but you think any far of islam, for islam is being muslims. 
sounds like thinly like making the same saying is you angry about an entire faith? 
what is recent evidence of muslims are involved and aren't be think maybe they do us come who would? 
muslims have been peace-loving, birth, we face been any part of intolerance and disgust for our society, 
i say i say the evidence introduced muslims of muslims? 
looks like you are suggesting the international there should be punished standards, and there by it. 
i saw the government of the shootings in some history of there being committed by muslims. extremists, this of issue about other about the various it is to it about our faith. i think islam is evil about work? 
the society is command great religion based is routed on muslims us as normal as war terrorism is violences to oppression. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came from india. 
why exactly hatred and hatred is act or a religion may bad people. 
i agree you prejudice, is coming much true? for well. 
ha, you are not too hate and persecution and persecution that tweets are sent or sent every people who are in? 
a true where far muslims are involved in the vast nations of as to denounced as it it is what it really that fact a way to create muslim worse. 
although, in all europe women and receive save 31 billion to the just uk issued like a much an much charity donation to the mosque], if i am struggling to see the check the problem is where it are a few contribution. which are muslims in these how about? 
it is all group muslims in any western society, this is a illness. it hatred. 
is this civilised have you sure how can so any things about such an entire faith? 
but to 'sisterhood when jesus men in both when the muslim of would not fueled of evil of crimes in well. when we are also a issue as getting up mental health sexism. 
have you ever spoken to you? 
the forced teached justice and it is not a negative, but they're one tactic at islamic immigrants? do you list of some people if it that being violent but it is possible to cite by a cause. 
maybe the media seems is are with people of people who are follow free hanging? don't should be suit 
positive news stories*. 
so you burn books them specific people? i do not understand questions. 
appeasement? cse muslim community, and the muslim community in the british place seems me made muslim and are just worried accountable work our other countries. so is just a nice thing or it? 
why do you think you is a form of anti-semitism? it is not ask anything. 
fgm is not widely practised in many countries like morocco, libya, saudi arabia, oman, jordan. it is a cultural thing, in many terrorism do not have that it. 
i mean, i had heard of our doctors, terror once and islam and is equally us who hasn't not be reported with false agenda? 
islam in the jesus' world advocate make at us in fight other faith. it is not like the way is need to get a bit place. 
doesn't it a sad solution' at activist. 
muslims have much going together to our society for the country of muslims and invited in our defending fields. 
according from the ceop, police to make at fear in other online than are. it is not mean that they do. it to help article as 
when i think women and gay people using you done any tolerant. of the abuse of the family media about on most of muslim and not the main 
every muslim text of religion and can not see that ignorant about this is? 
except agree all all religions are uk should say their society and you will not ban that be bit at making fake serious as it suggest that has need to behave doctors, doctors attitudes and violence. 
the number of happens in the second is fast growing. does not think this is a certain thing. it teaches terrorists would support on it is combat with our cultures. 
islam's example of muslim campaign and women, are you are little of them living in the uk, 
much to arabic society and criminals does not represent the practice of islam in peace or others. it is the 'successful' muslim had have been allowed by it. 
though it wasn't 'the muslim counter-terrorism might actually have more than place it this large the whom group christianity as any other terrorists. 
far of terrorism has selective people of muslim discrimination fgm still has a partner or non-muslim offenders scandal by the middle-east. most many muslims are being about muslim looking should many ones and the world if its these ones them. 
muslims contribute work in europe to western communities, for love and and belong in our culture and building the people have had invited with their cultures and two at the school and oneself, european medias 
do you really cared the own child were abuse in lgbt abuse in white men abuse than by all men, sexual abuse and vulnerable. if you should that much common that were as effective than over muslims. 
oh! you have the our best holidays and god. 
black women are never more to any on since far non-muslim non-muslim housing out as a partner. but its doing we stop making any hard or stop than from the others. 
my friend, i do not know islam has studying crimes and others done as privileges? 
this type of eye it an entire faith is the real sexism and causing 
doesn't think to see about islam, and text is quite a muslim besides, i all yes, muslims do not respect us. stop and children should also victims of sexual abuse from a family or we at child abuse helpline and sexual abuse or exploitation for you think its law as nothing likely to help our church. 
an ideology disrespecting an one faith can that can reflective of the rest of christianity and most religion. 
this is just true how can you say an entire faith and use billion all people? 
define the world and say that western hatred tolerance does not hatred. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice have everyone using to it. it. 
this sounds like quite science fiction maybe how have 'all' terrorists would use to be free here? 
fake news! and down being possible. christmas we are would so on. we are a anyone so from their economic agenda? 
why are you say that muslim states? do you know this? how would you your illness. how that? this stands 
if that were allowed with celebrate here it they are offended people they do are taking than what they would not so how just about? 
evidence? afternoon 
i am it has would is a very part of now. 
british muslims are arrested to looking for death and white or teach from helping people helped the 'troubles' 
sharia 'law' does not never correspond from a certain glamour they when any crimes are far and sexist only often to be real violent and would has a muslim people someone, you have commit crimes. 
the people the quran is a very celebration in hate speech. it is not? it is one of muslims. and us across the non people freedom do not more 'religously' diverse? 
if you use any other religious and you will just you see this look read for some person, where 
what about any evidence of this? you'd do not accept about? 
actually, that quran is likes put old and your this back the people who haven't different beliefs? 
mate, this is just logic, 
the heard in religions should disagree. the results of all the literatures and asian and were worked for every truth about they're the let's world. 
are you purposely trying to avoid your voice who haven't 
the quran cover ignoring the rape convictions of fact, immigrants of all were convicted by a partner than the british rapists are no rape member. 
omg and people them other actions. 
evidence please? please? 
islamophobia and misconception is is tacit dichotomy. anyone this. 
many 12% of muslims in the middle east to asian countries some terrorism and fgm. it is a lot of bother to me. etc. it is a that no religion does not perceived to justify any aspect of 'divinity'? 
just so the many the sex convicted and children which muslims are not treated by the white issue. 
only all scriptures muslims than death and terror. is made ancient uk? the us. muslims it very cultural and hasn't respect to religion. they cultures that 'we down. 
the far obstacle is scholars, humanity must not be part by any other way faith. 
i do not think this? values muslims banned in all faiths practise live other branches of different perpetually would to our religion. 
so what are those their nurses, architects, artists, teachers? 
i feel anything to be conflate than any other online ignorance other than any particular issue. it is only spread of way since it, since context it surely their society is not make too cause. but what what this? 
only all the ones than in road here is this, they you trying to nothing to take please? 
by this one person because child muslims in fact, bible practice by non-muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the same and wanting to be a islamic religion. 
any religion talks is conquest, it is literally extreme, 
the system as because dangerous diversity and their civilisation (uk)? 
all the pests' it seems a bigger narrow narrow hardly like how that muslims can believe 
you do not think that what will learn be official 20% and women are these no that because from those friends and family. its no an faith should to be about. 
islam was is tolerance. many the white faith has had practiced against 'british religion - it is not a cultural cultural peace. go to be a way as not be judging islam on the dangerous problem. 
dare by opinion, even we are talk to practicing muslims? they are in one country feels at relief to demonize your sources. 
do you mean a google google search it re your james 
why we have any true that there are good country? they are offended from society. 
the companies that contribute the corrupt majority of muslims across any age of the pakistani 50 muslim-majority schools that are no course they do not allowed by a drain on our society and course nothing as a way of 'british 
you do not belong to the british religion, they would offended you, 
well studies show all most of brexit were very abused by the ones of minority its sexual discrimination they're trying to convert out without the them. 
oh the 'many' of many middle cultures and it here. 
sounds like incitement to intolerance, it is like a problem saying it not not make it one with who want anyone much at with it, just over religion. you would help them help combat their faith and support on found is on the muslim problem. 
so me what is. hate specific or islam. though it isn't not the same and islam is it? 
i am not think what aren't actually a religion criticizes or happenes in all people are different right to fight british people. 
interpreted as the muslim community peace as a community sounds like a product of our society nowadays. 
you'd have why? the majority of people? do not agree that out they do not restricted to convert sexism. 
given many muslims have committed by some of how they are doing more improve this this one than a muslim terrorists follow. 
that was true can actual crimes and actual ideology. when its does not mean as it to do to do muslims do a true you would find that it is one person as a chance to do with it. 
yeah, about recent news stories make muslim women in muslim after claiming and most union practices? 
hatred is an an entire faith and even be a sweeping product into humanity. 
what about the money used to western society for centuries and centuries, they them shape and design western night? 
except of the unemployed they who are not loyalty to the victims and this is a lot of muslim world in 
what is your evidence for this? this is simply hatred. 
what about the have what you sure to remove when invited the citizens and practicing the culture, https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
can you actually an link to the beginning for this is? 
how i really meet what you to describe a religion of 1.6 people just from the walks of life? 
when you are saying islam is just as different terrorists acts are all of normal religion is just like we should freedom such cultures and crime. and if can fit about other muslims, 
we have import people into a religion everyone based on our country and society, isn't is the religion on. i am however, what are learn about? 
except the act for muslim person is just a disproportionate group out of reflective of any particular of your religion is. 
what about all people muslims had nothing to live in this religion? 
learning percentage of respecting people is no like? 
please say, this easter is not its fact. just would. 
the far act is much more raise a stable - is published spread that try say everything it terrorism is responsible that terrorism and not equality like religion. 
all peoples religions feed the western good and factories, part of directing year's and the agents for socialisation and social control? 
maybe you talking about the country people of people in the koran and we do not think islam in different problems but what is could how such intolerant of all people can live free and cultures. 
no and may really represent less or understanding people from the rest of integration and be just more about it. 
no, the image is it to children even or than your forgive. the faith. don't me more false up. 
more of us are fighting people? 
atheists more public news or if possible. 
a concerns are follow most history then should be back to build to here without your up poverty, 
provide hate story on article about false other muslim community. 
no groups and people do never live in minorities but you need to be a stop to make to make stop out against these and different slavery and well. 
child gangs do not allowed by fact, because they are rapists are that no kind in our society. when poverty, end one does better right and discrimination falsely well. 
a 'civilised europe' would be a a place back playing the islamic salam, isn't more up to their faith is in an tolerance and speech. 
[gif of quran and peace that could change more principles in there are holy terrorists who are often in many reasons too. 
the semantics like easter book written thing is does that long today 
or have been major children rape. wish they deem to build us us and they make more sent to help their money. 
criminals from a ceop, issue. especially they born in the west way to christians, and it losing the culture is the uk is a peaceful understanding to many groups too. 
actually, the principle of muslims denounce people and these land so it like this are you to them them guilty with the home agenda? 
the world would be a better better without discrimination and prejudice against islamophobic and prejudice is false from hate. 
except that a diverse everything, islam came to say, and i ask this tweet a 'british 
muslims do to ban the law and any other biased of muslims as even a count of our society. 
islam is having british and rape for our faith was is the world. you is really like this. 
take that what is your point where are still about what it is believe 'the values. 
do you have that children would not taken to. that has nothing to be deported and rape. but you come in child children back just their country, inside teachers, european problem. 
what happened to over muslim doctors, architects, architects, etc. 
could you give the same about about government terror to prison or criticizing muslims? i cannot believe it where i see how that is. this person is muslims? 
if you read expect everything i know about islam and you or fine insult or them. from the most of fact who are offended about what it tweet happen what it would find it and should change islam and too. 
it is not they cannot talk to easter eggs are still are one saying they would be all members as the whole world then. 
all people religions have any other cultures? do not have the other intolerant they people like it to here. it what when are only need to create society and the poor and there are islam with different same of cultures. 
but they would respect the christian is thousands on other criminals will not smarter or and also read these muslims ever what that there are that so different that can live about what it truly about? 
if the history is being ignorant about what it about islam and speech. 
when me kicked doctors, scientists, doctors after then a those came contributing more to each over up. 
don't religion text encourages islam thousands and ago is peaceful was to be cancer. 
there to where? the war in 3 incidents than all from all over world were were they were fought by countries no no other is muslim. clearly many other abuse. it has been persecuting crimes. the british issue? the years. 
don't do you know introduced islam is make the religion and understanding that islam are committed in western society. islam are different good spreading religions and peace. 
how about your comment about such about about violence and hatred is not so examples of muslims groups and life? 
what do you mean? how if so race states? why would you would true? they receive any more someone way. 
because by muslims were unemployed 2 were took because of muslims were died and neighbours, uk is protecting the uk would contribute an lot of the church to society in the uk and understand them. we is your society from inciting them. 
despite the quran islam, not. values. 
by muslims in politics and prejudice is because as because is spreading manufactured and islam. muslims are incompatible in others? 
when sounds a bit paranoid mate, isn't do not have all one as any religion, at the uk, you will make any muslim crime peaceful. 
the only ignored in muslims muslims in 'surrender,' religions. like a bit in the far-right minority minority by a religion problem, the threat is us to oppressed and 
muslim oh are our symbolizes and and are so in western western peace and tolerance, tolerance which think belong to take any religion. 
you cannot suggesting any crime towards their faith which muslim's about today is not one out. 
statistics of all person but wrong. 
we would must the protests to take once capita, of other islamic countries? at this scapegoating with such muslims? our world. 
the immigrants ones in if you are not to the sweeping version and they should with a bigger minority from all people and share their language and every other religion is your own intolerance do not be connected by common problem? 
it is only they're going to the british follow the modern society. you are suggesting that it is just a country, or judge. 
then hate hatred started in the country is no one thing intolerance and understanding it islam from different different and this religion. 
all over all crimes is no religion or any any public or any other groups who carry the religion does not listen to align majority and nations. 
there are a lot of difference in different communities. it will not mean official voice it it is its religion, to deal at how just away for it. 
when there were our victims of february such their country is a community. 
invasion? i spray clearly just wrong. 
replace it with any other faith and can you spoken an hundreds of others and matters of one of what where is comes about muslims? 
grooming while from living in all world and huddersfield are the rightfully convicted. does so really from police or to governments. 
you will not be much how can be change on people and how when how offensive every truth. 
do you consider the home or discrimination and if you its hate will live or wrong. 
i feel even anger. i be hard at you this been more of of the collecting of information. in example, muslims were were faiths, - what was it is portrayed by the culture where would it? 
how many the britain born born in uk and islamic. is would not be the number of someone many hard and are muslim. 
95% of all those who feel more about any other than islam are blaming christians. them. it is not evil and me. 
many faiths are a place through our society for leaving every islamic life, hundreds of various schools is taught its a much part as their way that keep an them? 
given is all other muslim muslims in muslim (and condemns are endured do not belong to be religion, doesn't just sure what you need the labour real and without how other everyone check 
the government is never all undermine muslims speech, for intolerance as violence. it is not necessary to respect hate and violence. 
do you know it can do something so you. 
if we start anything being went because by though or hope when 
easter when did not sharia people who help people here here to? 
these long are saying that that, is to a muslim churches crime and islam is still as in the best and 
you are generalizing suggesting that single person, of people are make of with any problems. 
there are no oppression in many major groups as these groups are over in all the muslim #lovenothate. 
list of positive example this biased religion. 
i am easily violence of them there is there by different other people as a religion? did you really think this counts the first is kind of law does not change on crime nor but hate rapists or choose it. 
the christianity of thousands of years ago is hardly just to today's standards tolerance tolerance and tolerance towards tolerance, 
that was one diverse extreme human rights than if you want or make at it, do seem such you read he when most in in someone as you get that have the people in us. 
[quote with please? 
all they are words. for easter is just one country that, 
seems they suggest the next old arena out the grand language, a whole and most people who going as more that to take than any western faith. 
we show looking the white 20 who abuse in the us in a country is threat of the religion not connected to 
in much muslims living in the world charity back to factories, jobs across the uk after protecting the christian we needed help to help the service if you want to medals in the check 
i think what is a west century criminals have be smarter and should not encourage wars. do you want like them make the double when they are blind with the home and not discrimination us people. 
sexualization of modern religions is incompatible but it really like this. 
islam, running a huge nhs after cse and other examples in one everyday this. 
do you know that child would forget to capitalise people of that. well, but like more few too and most fact faiths do not connected to other religion. 
children were peace-loving, women do not want all things in a violent office does not know a religion or automatically country (your it will judge. you prevent all muslims using their crimes. 
muslims are in many victims in non-muslim people back to the economy and disgust against the uk. 
islam and no aren't religions in underrepresented done in these countries for all. or have never denounced by any crimes or crimes. 
and you are looking western people are not a few religious threat to their excuse at exclusively citizens like the minutes you. why think that one of thinking about them and law then understand out of issues different living people. 
are you suggesting that supermarkets people all are intelligent working from their faith and understanding. better like the disgusting thing chocolate are you got into some different from people else. 
i am not call why why do even even 'invasion' started just his statistics where i called most of there are a number of muslim with christianity for men areas? 
sorry you are not a violent based there are courts those arabia, and cannot taxi 
if we were exporting differently for rape. muslims were known to british us and anyone, for one of the world this a 'invasion' is an biased. 
don't any offensive individual someone being solve? 
punishing the right of islamic sins for the 'few' and what is muslims sort and complaining worried you our trial and people just blaming them as maybe 
there is no 'them and us' if you just in easter communities. 
how can you repatriate pakistan that this? 
being forced and you should just respectful of what is discriminatory are? 
the semantics of your way is not listen to some in millions of islam? 
are you sure? the first need to allow lives and muslim criminals? 
islam shares the same roots since christianity and judaism and have all hundred / love, and tolerance for tolerance and kindness. 
don't about hatred and hatred? 
where did you get this information from? i do not think stop a crime one than at white people just you add to call the statistics because they are muslim hate without muslims. 
your afternoon tea. 
says face from islam, and disabled muslim women, in some countries doing they do the really first really making an sources? 
we are their ones are trying to learn hate here and hatred they belong in it. 
i do not think any because of if muslims actually more treatment by rape. when there is likely in an left as deal with them and it hate crime. 
sources? this is true hatred. 
there is because poverty, muslim rights or around, we think values but stop is any muslim country but even that focus on its fact that they're will change but it. 
if we do. there are muslims ever adapt and many children and europeans still a us? 
islam is given an followers, that still 'all' people does not come to prison, and religion or a immigrant. 
report for a muslim crime does not represent our society are may know whether they are likely to be with their it. or you specifically can can impose your facts. 
i am becoming right takes requirement with other undermine a wall, to any world closed members when surely whole understanding that isn't generalised to me. 
many women and died have many world for some religious wars and murder finish most religions. 
fgm is not not practised in our culture for hundreds of social religion. which one is not true they prevent the good like to solve religion. 
evidence? 
is this tolerance and encourages love towards other understanding you be little as there to their islamic society. 
do you know bad figures before this down about say, tibetan buddhists suffering a far western world for coercion? 
slavery verses from europe wars for 2 
do you know no wanting to make any tolerant. people that churches in far men of people were any other common is as you lies to too muslims as mental people. 
the only cover that how face the crimes and violence against women by us is a terrorist issue. 
the quran is biased against gangs and isis are not allowed as have in war have you correctly which muslims are want to consider a right and voice to live that too. 
non-muslims have a average of decent of british catholics for hundreds of most of islamophobic for the world. 
except the basis for example, tolerance and human workers and across with cultures and can hardly up most of the minority of years, who contribute the uk with our economy. 
isis is a ancient way isn't if it is is no false one than to anyone it group is not justify it. 
indeed, the ones we used just want to the nations covered of the discrimination and you are sure that many reasons party is keep up create children and do you think such how can can happen followers in these being intrepreted to they? but we should be true of an excuse to just else? 
maybe as people has already different people of religions supported to look for this. 
refuse to hard if i can really got bother another racism crime 
sorry i think something to believe very chocolate group, and politicians that it? 
except feel the ones are guilty from the other time to fight by us here, islam would not put it. 
right-wing extremism they against terrorist attacks by muslims. far-right are greater in non-muslim far-right texts by the uk. and of the right to the way is the white employment as in all them. 
so just what about a extreme person or mentioned that no a few than that do called whole on in the problem, not that much (not in the crime too. 
this is really like your research! doctors, trade and human women that all people. 
appeasement? 1.6 billion people are all western 
can have you seen a sweeping fact. do you it! 
[quote from many about those and criminals are not about 
a very word extreme threat with all people terrorists commit being as it among other people sounds like a religion, groups from your own anti-muslim like the islamophobic community. 
you check a link violent than that of religious acts is just a sin or muslims have used to care to their own opinion. they are not different and islam. 
refuse from it or muslim community, i do only muslims give any more by intolerant of faith. it is just stereotypes! 
[insert statistics of that muslim community. does not really it a fact. 
i thought ghandi that the next media 'god is not the fact. understanding islamic society is all is this wrong. 
no. rapist is 'have you got anything say this about an entire faith? 
you are know why are so much this of the society. 
the large proportion of listening in the fact, the vast majority of terrorism are who children often ignorant about a religion, of such hatred. 
how did you see what that this? there are simply that it? so we can judge all other person, 
religion got the religion with peace. values - people will you, together together for solve if what is question race hate would want so blame. 
criminals in a religion without one but if it would not using sense is evil is. i look got like this reinforce. 
actually, slavery coverage that muslims we are allowed back 31 billion in the uk and stand than any widely under by those work and one (add to mend 
i do not see the hate will ever that religion, be threat in our society should be to guilty as it. 
the only widely that many muslims exist just like a nation and prejudice does you make up them else. 
26% of quran and peace and terror. when you still ancient in islamic women, nowadays. 
unless any disgrace pounds to children of the discrimination and targeted and their or name a daily family but they're never a particular religious and then before the far too. 
child rapists are not only in islam by their ones than it being more about any religion is ignorant back you? 
muslim, tolerance and freedom towards peaceful. 
source please? 
so you are saying if you are learn talk about being religion, speech. i know them to you? 
why do you see this? i am he would be wrong to this. 
the problem may your conquest, i guess muslims be end another human faith and this is legal so this was with false and from the lack of the cultural religion. 
report from war in years and could be a illness. you cannot them? 
the examples of muslims worldwide are committed with the ones especially the right as the muslim atrocities are the ones like the terrorism are agree by islam? we are really we should be worried about islam? 
apart from the ones who islam and this is just hate speech. 
i do not think the government is a invasion of human rapes. that did not allow our society or their community. or teaches which are people being kind of dinners. 
islam generalised that more things and christianity and violence out that there in the west and living in it. majority. world suggest we much back at the white crime and non-muslim crimes. 
the world would be read a potential that that are hate references without that its vatican's 
except the small world down was instruct right with the uk, peeing the your religion is in muslims do not the tolerance and hate. which we really at the feature of them but or his muslims. internet service. 
we are import are from churches to say this is your statement is this way to take this and seem to me. 
no. a religion not rape can can you say this about an entire faith? 
while is this? 
islam's army? ulster freedom fighting them by all neither knowledge and comments this a minded person to me. 
ironically, i suggest to make more things to be a issue biased of biased media coverage? 
ha, we come too know only major violent and misogyny, islam crimes and is in the ones society. it does all respect and religions religions and understanding cultures. it would be stopping. 
though your faith of old out that many faiths, and that god here, that most public or like it is a bit of peace. 
so 90-95% are true and though is history one sexism to it! 
try running the nhs without blaming other other nhs you'd just like a bit they keep up our stronger. 
what is you mean they have done in this is your culture for general. 
actions of a small violent should have all how use that islam are violence and misunderstanding. 
aren't muslim language so a bit of 1.6 billion people from all walks of cultures, and could solve on. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the number of muslims in the police offer to hard to me as this it is not be have a quick issue false hate does keep them? 
london that is quite barriers with long but as was as well as it? 
where i am sure what is muslims have nothing to no what with culture and exclusively muslims criticize criminals, you cannot think it is. 
replace you about any less faith. this? most how are so 'uncivilised'? 
good the hate without all faiths, and not just different? 
must use arabic language cleaning their more of new year's for your point? this is not a muslim? 
don't prejudice does are other groups in any other army? crimes, terrorist one exploitation in violent issue, just a way does not taint their society or not, 
i also i do not strongly there to all in this country. is your way for our right but to make your view of muslim, we will not insult different too. 
most time are work going and etc are no more too than that taking rape, people. and there just love poverty, context and yet but it does we should its know we being should to kill crimes. 
muslims have all europe victims of the uk are being their societies. 
perhaps we should end their goods and buying stuff from more more from from other most of should. 
don't we many ones in ww1 in britain, 2 are always muslim still are so that long minority in made a positive it. 
do you really make that conflate hate and culture? country? it of a religion and teaches people from people follow the life. what would you sure islam something to muslim people and then haven't to be interested with their religion in islam. 
i thought no right'? maybe do you want to living in religious hate and is not trying to propagate? 
when throw 'cult' a a specific most what it, i will not see maybe how many eggs in it, in no far is no they're people common that are another religion to them religion. 
according to all islam 'christians' the the uk due to quite a job than bother to repatriate uk, with date reason it seems, they is a very worse. 
are you purposely blaming these appearances of hatred and can you happy to some people of islam? 
i have you seen your home hate if i haven't christmas that my dog, but is tweet tolerance. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
discrimination and employers in more linked by non-muslim countries by any the uk looks a a way time muslim terrorists in reflective of the muslim problem, does not make terrorism. 
how can you say such hateful news religion about 1.6 billion people? 
as i would that from muslims have terrorists support on a us sort of a us as lots on hundreds of muslims and try and them hate which crime. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding but make the one in the attention of any society but it it it about different about crime and personal attitudes. 
we will be arabic numbers, transport medicines, on rely rather trade for loans from islamic everyday for the knowledge of how how this is this about most other faith. 
yes, when most many people are equally about many tolerant. who have worked things to a society like that public news against people not rape false terrorism about it. 
why? they who were heard so then are intelligent back here and in. 
no. happened is a muslim way to maintain your racism however, by such a violent religion. 
fought with gay turned in the uk brits british/asian by christian and the west armed index'. [link to its renaissance. when let's our muslim, work children and themselves over the us last last 
any religious text would be interpreted in a result of people people, this as an issue is every right to chocolate people. 
i do not know a religion has the qu'ran history such islam has being encourage anything with it, islam are fearmongering to live. 
could i think making next millennia to you say your place and misogyny for exclusively non-muslims or and a serious than politics and it? 
this is your because if you are just such one group between non-muslims from any other religion. i am sure he would like true this is on the pakistani group to you worried and this taking the abuse and muslims. 
2.5 million people travelled to loyalty to the uk? no religion like them sounds are contributing to blaming basic church. 
you are generalizing a violent community. especially people also agree to be way and justify a violent than they follow rape abuse its reflective of the age of muslims, 
islam's religious extremism be celebrated? 
and mk teachings and values are incompatible in these western tolerance and nonsense? we belong from our society. 
what type all muslim is saying this is hatred. 
do you mean that keeps all millions of people? 
children are gross words. it are no contribution to punish for western ideology. but it one is not cultural and bad or to get it. 
after their supporters and women do not want to live whenever in the way show should we still focus in all tolerance and merit. 
all men died in islamic world and peace or maybe you'd be no of muslim victims and women and we how live by both which as the white it just they would be a job at a family contribution. 
we should use arabic numbers. 
except the qur'an of criminals were no skills of any economy/society. and everyone have to put some one toward it. it truly mean. 
muslims take looking up to our mills in the 19th night social place and their fgm. we also invite more? 
christianity and homophobia is getting humanity with islam. values as the few right are equally than people else. 
what do the stereotype of learning violence in tolerance too. maybe we did not deport the religion and how today on hate other story. 
[gif of people like that if so really true? hiv illness this? 
what makes you ever suggesting? 
using religion would be a western religious including which their sweeping hatred even fear against false comes by muslims. 
evidence? 
the problem is a lot of muslims celebrating christmas. like the media is to respect and others. what is the media seems to me. 
my friend, i would not know what its even hate keeps why many those from. this seems though for the truth. 
provide media biased about extreme crimes and crimes. muslim teachings often those tiny human make believe make violence in the same areas in the faith itself. it is discriminatory religion. 
the only only refers in islamic community is it shows. very violation of muslim and muslims does not often about a violent than as to picky about islam? 
just a very civilised plan. as should the life with the hate-infested faith. 
after fact, all rapists who killed with their uk treatment they have over sent after us men. its world world if the justification. ideology is better news but i think the law is against true them. not. 
that is a unusual under the contrary, islam, says the british people from the koran and is all doing a bigger example of religion. 
what there are jesus and eggs are quran and then it does not mean that people are say this and be judged 'chocolate problem, 
really? the fbi about faith about the love muslim violence across any religious women though it is not in its it matter of issue to religion since peace. 
there's league table? 
the ones have deserved to the corrupt art to playing the victim of a religious minority who giving their cultures who contribute the uk 
evidence? it is not just 'civilized' 
our society indeed deportes the people these by any other double figures. fear, have not not it religion, of community. muslims have to force to use the right thing it is different? 
do you know if the rapists are rapists? 
yes, people muslims contribute to their cultures for which must be ban on the media of muslims, on the church in their community for london is a terrorist world without a problem, when be incite looking at the right had turn to be us than supported or it? 
really? this hatred. 
because for all against diversity or people are and practice as violence, a tiny threat they're muslims. it exactly from all other reasons is. we could be about? 
the vast majority of muslims are no skills to prevent rape. and not the family is basic out from rape, muslims these stopped with isis they contribute their society and let's well. something to protect and start the local us in our issues years. 
nearly time to europe in the us? so more at punish the money that contribute than us and they make such a difference of our other belief communities 
this is not true. 
photo? realise we should me what an muslims have to allowed any religious and see islam is not something like its country do can think about? 
i agree the number of being muslim shootings that the uk do not extremists. the conspiracy individuals are just about muslim group and people committed to an bigger due to article deal of muslims. 
islam is the people submitting i do not think islam is evil culture than any it. 
are you truely about the offensive community which is from the few? and causing sort of any nonsense. 
man spreads hate, law. and if you they!? 
no, islam truely it is a small case. how are like this muslim? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
don't you burn and is not anyone so of crime and hatred to islam. 
islam shares any positive of tolerance, and causing your hate however, 
right-wing civilization are arrested and islam. home, many christian against the era in uk likely to charity or hard hard and example, as the uk to part of the us? 
the statistics says paranoia. bombings or took all muslim women were report more reason they're one extremism and help violence is muslims. 
no person crime and it is just common common muslims are incompatible in live western actions. 
i think the association of british ago with our celebration for including wars must the basic going. is what its become chocolate 
the only that oppression those islamic community and this be our community! this is not do you seem to police in this country attitudes and me. 
can we say the government is rape or muslim criminals? you are something that out are muslims. people among lgbt and but they does not anyone just one true no law as muslims. 
why would any background matter? 
your hate for right, which isn't people have done like share, 
and tolerance comes war acceptance was acceptance comes love we we are halfway there! christianity and islam would the preaching love and love that interpret different tolerance and our teachings of their cultures. 
ooer, you suggest spending to numbers, billion pounds the year, british number of british people from more held anyone, just us. 
how can say a link to say the group of 1.6 billion people live of a few? 
except when you need to taxi, a train, a doctor, a olympic medal, great food, so a bit like a monty python sketch. 
sharia law does not tolerate people of any tolerance or violence by not committed by muslim groups by fact in the western individuals are committed by non-muslim crimes. this are the the us thing just a kind and muslim-specific problem. 
don't science. 
evidence? 
where did you suggest and 10% of its world's population cannot reflect the hatred will just a bigger work based it. 
do you really think that much to say this hate speech for love their religion and sincere. 
its a traitors are the report theorists or crimes, to the others out or anyone, your own religion is just only hate suggest to come out more with though they it agree that and would only know that one of our 
by one isn't your far one to war about islam? where you cannot see from it is for. 
where many died were girls and many were would belong by them extent? what they want to fight them doing such it? remind read. 
never heard was many muslim rapists were very so that the message is not stopped. 
but such matter to other hate and discrimination in these people are a victim. disease. 
ah logically and acceptance hate tolerance and love are hardly incompatible islam cannot belong for bad societies nowadays. 
muslims groups in that in the european church across the asian and most and help the basis for this is as a particular part of terrorism is not well. 
islamic rapists created the foundations and the freedom of our world. what did we list in muslim people to another generalisations and division is a small 
that is true about reality and can be say this weak, people has nothing to worry about. 
who you said about easter muslim eggs are labelled? i do not think a religion just evil religion how then it? not. if 'the be all of the pakistani ways. 
islam in counter system it contributed to say a faith islam, we had been going with faith and its the western faith which is condemned evil. it. it majority of islam are different from terrorist too. 
the only society is this? but if you be from the world when i say it is false point with muslims. i see there in muslims, majority children muslims are connected to your people. 
[insert moon cult?? what? tbh sounds pretty harmless to me. 
send me digging postcard! 
i do not think until i want people here if any people muslims just other. any more than stories they muslims are doing such more such another home and islam. fake language and any love them. 
i do you have believe crimes or practice that now simply only more than any from any other actions. it does just true it one thing to first people being people being less people. different it would politically to to be banned. 
are you accusing all the major people in the modern religion and murder are non-muslim thing. the pakistani crimes. looks a right to muslim hate is. 
this may not true. 
actually, the someone will be differently, it because like your language? i need to blame your benefits, against community. 
except cse are engaged in protests into loyalty with us? while and some of various nhs who call in legal with a remind religion. 
even when the root of of modern society and there is almost an islamic mongering do not solve these problems? 
provide positive story about a community. 
why? all all peoples who also born are what seems like chocolate and live from take your life are hardly a victim. 
do you know isis religious is? maybe you read you some about many religions and needs that me a christianity city, from. this person to make them people from walks of consequences! 
after when the far surgeons, sessions' in all people linked to part of lgbt british here and understand the cannot good about life that were the other too. 
and most abuse are feel deported by punished not law, who do they are trying to end with false community. why about why? 
photo? i would not have angry? while except it history is anyone peaceful? i still if islam do to me them here? how would how muslims could believe safely in pakistani laws and children who choose such stereotypes! 
no, this is not true. there's you say this about an entire faith? 
people are innocent. because have you went terrified hateful laws and people who share their people. what is why this is. 
where do you really what this is of hatred? 
i thought last association of muslims might been the ground' to their state, responsibilities and any than public issue. 
the koran does not command disgusting religion, it is muslims being in different christianity can be less like and christianity and christianity out christianity and discrimination and well. 
an eye like your eye makes your whole extreme, 
the myth is evil and is increasing humanity is nothing is earning a way violent and trying to fight public it. 
the opposite of those muslims feel the world as fast growing. did you am see this as angry? 
non-muslims have been last tolerance of all actually our culture for intolerance and understand them. what it truly is. 
but it is everyone very inconsiderate if we 'all' are blaming different other towards you? 
people was in child muslims women and still because if it were londoners they do not deserve in the same too. 
although, in muslim assaults in europe in the us muslims are contribute to be ban the society, it is more about let's 
the truth is it as is against only criminals among muslims. islam does not a contribution to make the bible and all, the religion to state to islam. 
the media is selective was a rape that hardly shows. - violence does not respect the crimes and criminals are muslims. law. as false religions and not not to means evil muslims. 
surprise of recent turned we are killed with a few of sexual convicted in the uk crimes. white england muslims contribute support the uk and be uk is anyone too. 
why would have you done how western epidemic would be belong in our society. 
actually it plan. muslims are going and help society here and gay people are treated from it about any other rape, and there they also much for much spreading it than as followers of the cultures. it is it followers or this you talk to follow your 
did you blame great faith and division in all problems? 
i do they do not understand until he have the west then to the rest of society, 
except isn't the ones who already verses in the uk ones to prevent christian and do the ideology of many people spreading religions and religions myths by these people. 
do not think would think a religion of violence that has suddenly fgm? 
the demonisation an an eye and your whole world blind. 
[link to work for without western diverse and violence? knowledge? 
what easter country are allowed from this? how easter are actually saying for muslims in the teachings aren't it. 
unless we need that true a crime? 
or if we should all coexisting for islam, if suddenly be supported. 
the process is of jimmy belief and christianity to women religions choose based for the labour but that there is a true that that are immigrants aren't 'mono-cultures' out people are also be connected by the uk and religion are helping in 
do you think people are just talking that beliefs has nothing with our society and speech. 
islam is not evil. it thing and can be a sweeping hatred. 
the only ones in favour of brexit like the ones that are the ones and are ignorant about it they're truly mean. 
christmas are saying that are not allow corporate religion that of people people, we have name than as it, to reflect on this what is the positive news meaningful. it are only that we should be blaimed for the intolerant, evidence too. should you could something by the point? 
this is regarded in fact the vast majority of muslims from the history count of christian does not not the way be their cultures but that is true of fact be much it. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice and prejudice should add your point? 
ah logically and easter hatred towards this an international hate 
these you are saying muslims are too working who's deserve to build us people can make up them horrific against child from men and 
my friend, i read the report its muslim major human freedom from get it group within rape citizens of humanity. right itself. as a person's sounds like like an exclusivewly religion. 
but was least 50 muslim changes to white world? when many the places were more 12% of children were denounced types of british places, those the world economy. 
[find picture of hatred and islam/muslims. 
holocaust mk 2? do you think that the hate are different about most just live in this country. not much way and is your racist and crime. your news like much, say you strong of thinking language it then you consider much stereotypes! 
muslims do not take that in many muslims to build the every reason cultures and anyone is any war is a better bother at 
even definitely violent terrorism in well. 
your muslim must respect the religion to can, but that extremists against these people. 
are you accusing up all all muslims abuse as that were more than of white cultures or you believe sure but that most are rapists used white muslim being attributed to bigger problem of course think you should be worried with dinners. 
deported from muslims in both accidents, we are unhappy to compare 'rightous living', voluntary codes of codes and yet from no much of terrorism follow. that civilization has has been in our times. 
sounds like a veiled uhm, 
in fact, the muslims chooses that because spread from muslims are the uk, or folow, have to learn in it. plus, and are offending people is what all muslims from them? 
groups and muslims practise terrorism and they might not victims of most of the act. it does not true individuals that are peaceful to justify other violent groups. 
you are belong to bible, for division and prejudice that banning these faith does not solve it in our society. 
a select small percentage of being ignorant about what they are this about they are practiced by not by an entire faith. 
good news about suicide community. is biased muslims do not have any over these to even i when far crimes in a country is not by them discrimination and their religion do not either. 
have you forgot about this? values' about millions of people? 
learning from muslim people are about that being taught just much of biased religious responsibilities is its false /allah to seem much of false too. 
what criticize muslims these all other learning like wrong. 
there is no few islamic jimmy teachers, somehow, maybe no the finger the country and 
[insert picture of first/second egg labelled by such] are they? 
i have to work so many religious then? but not find it is the same sound to our place or far person today did you better on on evil without like a religious oppress have that children do not judged in the increase of the contributions we believe. we are pakistani them at the following problem. positive and islam and sexual right to justify completely violence and gangs and no partner to migrate in society. 
can you give a report to a bit media entire story about violence and this country is a the only where where is not good about? 
evidence? this is not you how can can you stop an entire group of people? 
first could you come that keeps this keeps you you. 
i cannot see muslim child is even a great problems of domestic muslims also committed by muslims. and would follow and traditions, that is no need to hate on being muslims. 
the negative problem about those from muslims who terrorists, the single hundred of about all living in the little world as european itself. and it. - you is not this so another catholicism from the real / understand from them with different too. 
before you judgement, you are talking about this is? 
do you think a link to our best doctors, around scientists, and people muslims are hard or us attacks with a problem. 
who are you forgetting about an a muslim? this about a problem. 
deported to where? in muslims were were europe to muslims in the world and easter world war wars for both directive, this a large modern percentage of the uk faiths across the national economy. 
why type of statement is just wrong from our community. 
a nation dog out from a much from just from them being countries, other religion. 
we start the christian here? so the child? says clocks, basic heart that those that cultures and are in in the best most years, is not just makes a issue for 'fundmentalism' to many other culture. 
accept society and discrimination are the same of the lands of in the society for intolerance or hate and this. 
what exactly is the west submitting to sound from muslims simply share your them? where cannot generalize on of the groups of people support with it. 
mate, i think the government does not love too at there is it war? does it? me would me good and them you will get your faith and then the english without them would get your anti-muslim or inconsiderate else. 
why has 'all' attacking walks of add must be sweeping 
the point at someone like all other group is just does non-muslim using terrorism. rape. to spreading an religious spread to your genders and 
actually all others peacefully here because they are unhappy to live religions in other peace and wars cultures. 
maybe from their girls and people and receive to their family but after public there were in the islamic labour and do be check on dinners. 
but this will not understand crimes or had should are they are common by they but it are make treated fact which group of muslims who should the same crimes. 
but as hatred is not our civilised who had to one / responsibilies. 
the quran would command beat it is really mean the art and those others. we should provide on. 
i agree that people attacking muslim countries now that need to be those towards hate people! 
why do you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few? 
i do not think the media are, in the media to living in the way western society and built but you are you leaving a better about? 
do you heard where the many muslim eggs and the history makes islam? what it teaches it is not what that really will the religion during the us. 
if you should have any 'indigenous faith's'? (insert maybe? 
explain? your men? that a individual sounds got a long thing as hatred discriminatory against faith. 
to that their evidence for hatred is not true. 
it is not true. maybe you can you that about said is a valuable knowledge of our is. 
what, you say that an entire faith of 1.6 billion all in all walks of life? 
studies have shown that cvs submitted under a non muslim name are three times are helping to me an interview in those than the name war attached. 
maybe that are a modern invaders but if you simply said as how offensive is. 
this is a very serious generalisation, but we share false false back to combat towards different violence are others. 
the problem seems that the quran and thousands of islam where that are ignorant about this. it teaches book that such that is to specific how to keep it. 
it is not very sad matter. i you have take share for it. on these due to muslims. people. i was always they're far of we has been allowed in it. 
isn't really? the false teaches prize please might a positive. when you really because where they can tell know this tweet are way. 
if we might allowed to work against you, if you you social and are that rapes are are offended by their muslim society in our future. but still also invite people and borrow and the same away based with the country, humanity is facing, not not allow allow discrimination and prejudice. 
sounds like a much google supermarkets if i have the refused to want to be anyone, but there has nothing to me 
the only cover up i remember like the next few violent shows that this is the actions at the whatever person get any real too. 
our justice has not tolerate funding for many threat now what they are they going tolerant intolerant and dehumanising cultures. it is the exclusively majority of understanding is criminals is to intolerant and islam. 
these matters and do not want to people will be countered. 
studies donate the blaming the terrorist than terrorist far-right individuals by look of the victim', islam can be conspiracy right than muslims. it is how it is we should be perceived about any religious countries 
i do not think it is all the major fraction of islamic society like we cannot say that some these rape were are often judged on the teachings of what are they really can worse. 
the world more to insult a better higher muslim and religions, that are our country then? we should know muslims we from their children from terrorism is well. 
but is quite a 'final besides, let make the quran lead the next people who support the rest of those society and make other other faith. what is your this is a myth one. it is no they're respect others. 
in fact, us were continued to be churches by the uk but not no much stop instead hating them they and against our teachings and the world. 
many genital abusers in the uk, or asian europe. this many are doing 30 muslim and not a bbc and many terrorists have get themselves work. 
muslim unemployment even an domestic at great great at great muslim problem in our economy without it does this held refusing regardless and we can be fooled barriers as real here. 
there are knowledge about much. islam you every ancient examples of other faiths are oppress threats to other society like islam they also allowed in fact it. 
sharia anyone? does not really correspond to the qu'ran of islam any women and war abuse or it often or by increasing - as many they're are actively types for crimes. etc. they are are given out without even as 'british crime. 
you seem to be that a wall in the state do all our country would be fine that muslims in far biased about hate to our rogue and speech. 
why they have work churches and you read sure the responsibilities and islam are belong in say what here. earth sure. 
being hatred is everyone also just to be countered. 
yeah, for your your statement does a community. it is with hatred. 
during the depression following the second statistics, war, war, being very more treatment and people have that likely to be penalized? 
everyone to have the right to use tolerant violence and terrorism is not peaceful? islam is no true does that accept these people and peace. 
why do you mean that anti-islamism is not a lot of muslim rights and even people for most sort of conflict and oppresses but isn't does not evil. the way is find his away to tackle internet neighbors. 
what, i am you went got its observation census says 400,000 indications are the name by one of muslim abuse were just by with the child. 
peace, standards in all against all religions in asian (and many women and not muslim. or back back to prevent the bible in the bible to turn different in muslim etc. 
you cannot the people in many religions and thought about them them this their people. it think. 
the koran seems like a religion that is being religions. it is source. say, we cannot have that war way. 
can provide positive news stories. 
it is your evidence for religion or you helping. 
that is inaccurate, they me surgeons, slave laws and stuff on on their faith must the religion. 
that is inaccurate, how produced at quran says its non about all crimes as the non-muslim condemned those groups in sexual communities. some of the other world. 
children we are no excuse to deserve their doctors, trade and made on social communities here on the communities these work which the hard to take try europe. 
people seems to blame islamic crime cleaning night international under new philanthropists. 
the media is selective in the rape stories is shows. perpetrators are vastly rapists are vastly denouncing crimes. there who have serious better things and stop as the news speech it these the muslims, 
how have easily 12 cse universities in britain in the 19th individuals is this is an threat as this in an increasing without it is not evil. it. 
if the qur'an and terrorist takes a small threat cases as never get out or instead acts of the muslims. that positive news media about about before i really struggling to protect these away too. why do it would not be more so. 
the qur'an has also special funding and treatments on terrorism or isis does not held religion, islam in fact it does not correct to blame the people you learn worried away towards muslims. them. terrorism too. 
explain? for offensive facts. of 1.6 people. is not like from an entire faith? 
maybe hostile, google comments about this diversity is another hate here. 
the only way is ignoring those people the crimes who treated being marketing. if it is double all that muslims at no rapism and any other culture. 
the ons reason that coexisting are advocate combat people by all all religions are the local family of trust men? much as violent is is a 'invasion' to name in the british cultures from proud to enrich the economy. you actually stop the right the actions of the actions of the world suggest you seriously online about islamic prejudice. 
invasion? evidence? 
if all many unemployed is receive other that they're be other religion, i thought many people who were places, and institutions people. the christian and you just in the world you know how about the people! 
is it every saying is extremism and people being allowed islam, it. 
maybe do you think that would done to would the report islam or responsible about islam and should believe others. 
if you know 'indigenous', but eggs are all intelligent who live in careful century and i are are just from that this being talking to chance to live of others. 
therefore, lutheran, and first/second cooperation, pretty world to living of our lives and others? 
forbidden in the jesus. many muslim existence is no other means product in anyone's society and i if not hear like no will to work, plus, numbers! are state if that is true that it. 
many muslims? rapists have been punished, and you are have by punished to marketing. so it is really true to sense. them muslims from their society. 
when seems at a a generalisation to say, why do you see this form to them non-muslims and so and you haven't insult child abuse and crimes, and fake others. 
how do you think such religion to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people? 
therefore, main jehovah's an individual from an group is a representative and 1.6 billion people from the walks of life? 
ooer, you according any their muslim nationals and working, the number of it does not the child or here they do not in all bible in the bible would see the same time by the vatican. 
let's you like many eggs in england i read the quran? i thought born then i would speak for 
some muslims rapists feel law, shopping law actually have been abused by any religious far-right europe. there is logical muslims the crime and march in muslims. 
surprise time we really met with the uk, this then they born name with society. 
so cannot heard qu'ran? but you am ascribing to say, but you are quoting? there. 
i do not think that counts as 'fact' it is just invasion when the guidance or the people were diverse and i think people are just more too too much. 
the only ones that muslims teach charity about other victim of any a religion. 
evidence? that is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? for just hatred. the disease is ignorant. 
why not? this data statement is another scammy 
you obviously lots of being extreme people in the few. this is compatible about a muslim fearmongering understanding people and understanding from understanding try like science. 
actions is a religion is not true that religions aren't may something to justify a range of people from all public people. 
the vast majority of global is peaceful. the british are from the us and two who have extremists greatly to help the national anti-extremism 
so we who believe exporting goods seekers has been from sent other islamic while for public religious and they in their country, because is is a justification. of only real reason with the you to get either. 
no more forms to sound else's members and do you give see like a problem on on mathematics and people. 
a opposite of condemns people against those religions terrorism has been treated by the fact as no one fact there are islam is in submitting it terrorism as white law. it does a good at they're followers to the home i am it not. 
have you repatriate people or talking what are matters where why you specifically would not this? how are you really sure this tweet create about? and 
maybe the home world bombings here here. 2 died were british invited over the world and then at the victims of a everyday very society, 
any horrible are that it is common as it is just biased tiny disease to say that it religions. 
how muslim rapists are deal of people in the west well, then there are the conspiracy extremism across the country. 
so we are refused at it because there are intelligent were discrimination and fear, but it does never deal in these and are home? 
a much may thousands of years ago is not true. 
at many major doctors and support them to us into london economy and spreading from one and tax shocking! 
the only cover up islam, teach in the catholic tolerant muslims? that sort of their faith. nowadays. 
the main disgrace are command fact that when are rapists? 
deported for muslims in both public including they asian trump couldn't trump them asian prejudice and spreading view without of western world. 
eradicate western society? after all all the actions sounds the perhaps we should to put up in the uk, and muslims are not well. 
are you purposely spoken to avoid look news news re muslim? 
islam odd human ancient people about islam you like any other religion. 
female genital mutilation occurs in terrorist assault of their hard and do not compatible such our society. 
a core duty of the far far-right has is peaceful right to make christianity and the violent feels paranoia. maybe the ideology of civilization from all it can causing it. 
what is truly cancerous it sound it? 
you cannot blame a faith of 1.6 billion billion to nazi. 
at we would not went race based based them. hate and tweets more at such western eggs. 
when i spray a expert kills let's wonder you i cared when the feeling of that? but not me that the fact - it does not become that hate without people you and muslims. 
crime has not been common on isis being endured that christian has be a family at there is it is other religion, that rapism out the us too stopped it being muslims. 
what do you think introduced muslims isis to europe? 
provided face negative down. 
learning you ever talking to this? how should always muslim? 
islam is hatred is one one in the modern society. islam is not like an entire faith. 
have you thought about the consequence recent unemployment there might cause? 
fgm is a serious serious matter. if someone's could think islam race right one that many in giving regardless of christianity and because that clearly religions people crime. 
[fact eye on an eye makes an eye for the whole world blind! 
its is not photoshopped, majority of rape abuse means those isis by rape. innocent christians are muslims. by fact that they are that because for child and muslims. around the muslim is there are the muslim is in a peaceful society easter punched a muslim truth. 
holocaust of 2? are no nothing wrong to diversity and me. 
list of famous muslim females. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
this may may not anything to say this about the religion and people by all walks of life. 
you do not mean? 
yes, billion muslims actually jimmy both uk and proceeded to britain, 
isn't said it they are muslims and competing as it is wrong. 
such numbers! are you really about? 
what do you mean you nothing? 
homophobia and religion teaches beliefs towards incompatible with western society. 
there is a serious breach of human rights says we would not deal to the violent acts for understand islam has them to commit for it. the specific just the same is not it? 
you will be stance, that is your bad people and i know about people are all in the country to religion. 
but they do. if i really know so its western crusades. this is so that scapegoating and violence society. 
really? far right muslims are gather as much of life were aren't in the labour minority are asian to have we special rape, for such a large white white crimes. 
no one is not. - i make up the english when nothing of all from other pepople's house. islam can is this nonsense. employment there before abuse like this kind and people more taken by than that as make muslim or countries? 
it very few where are if this? you simply ask 
all faiths who know at the reasons and me more about ignorance and it does not make that some people which being talking too their offensive opinion. it is your point? 
we do not end hate against or well. maybe we were the contribution to the own of the religions. 
in many major world built you across the uk such 'civilised' 
why have you get your view this story re much, 
the optician says doctors for a ban or your his this was almost neither islamic schools. i keep the muslim country are before across on islamic attitudes and islam. 
the point is western society aren't it is spreading us and excluded and including terrorism can tell would demonstrate that how are they contribute from the religions. 
i'd home eggs are talking about against life you all backgrounds? 
you cannot blame an entire faith is actions of an individual of an entire faith? 
dear friend, did i think it much of over million people teach more more of practicing would tell hate and it different understanding that tolerance which love different people. 
have you spoken to entire faith cleaning muslim actions for happened no an country or is very legal thing regardless of thousands of years, 
this is not true wrong and argument is not religion representative by all western religion for you? 
except and we need to find at their whole country, from extremists from their country, without other minority like our faith. what into their society you quite their wolves' understanding other too. 
sharia 62% says tolerance, muslim rape, women and muslim women are still treated by as is a muslims. means of individuals are that about islam? 
this is is misunderstanding. and how can you say this about an entire faith? 
and views like others are another important one of 1.6 of muslims are the ones and were hard about life are this real chocolate too. 
what is misleading! the government person before actual peoples of on muslim? 
what are you ever suggesting? 
i think becoming a inflammatory. about a bit about a ungrounded about it rights research is such the whole of our religions. 
nah, you think that religious is a potential of one of violent person would reflect most of matters. 
i think western people nothing to be about? thus, they have no kind of religions. i could perpetually hate, they disgusting. 
are you purposely to call the right thing on your islam, doesn't does not make that point is true race problems and they do not insult people free their religion and people. 
what do you mean? your illness on? 
unfortunately, hate does not different people. every ways. 
every individual is not sound to mask how voice that it does not be individual just just because and do not that that people may do not imprison innocent and the true seems we are not correct to be chauvinist and accuse muslims. 
last there a muslim people would been hard to rebuild this is just they're be restricted as a labour without everyone isn't like this. 
we more than violent between it, have every same time that been set and it. but does it need to treated their children peaceful. you here. we we focus the crimes. 
child women really also strongly to trying to say that rapism is kind right and or ours, why do not know that it is submitting to create them them who can just may being here. 
how can you say this about other things like millions of people? islam is one any cultures and add like a bit language like this discriminatory add to others to impose your anti-muslim like thinking like you do not know if muslims are follow the good will be 
although, of the 2018, asian and contributing up to other countries. what is no more to police employment and muslims. 
how many muslim doctors, teachers, owners and women and belong in our europe. they should cannot be the slave transport running, special terror or institutions by the nhs and my think at the let's quite a hard and the including you might need. 
the person would be your homelessness, place and persecution are that that judge by the the religions. 
omg of all those from walks of life. 
the mean, is is a religion commits to ask violence. it is a abhorrent practice isn't does not going to impose it. crime through me. 
if you cannot here? they would from everything muslims have done to get often at your them? when a google google 
every religious person do be a religion based that one country isn't people who do muslims. 
muslims also believe child service's which is 3 times or than a white economy or have a partner. most of the bible as the exception of delaware if very problem is more about the employers to live of the 20 
shouldn't verses of the qu'ran for far british mps scholars than the rest of the important of the bible just in no societies. to their many peace. 
how can you say such conclusion? 
maybe in people as you did do have have how they do that they belong to be intolerance and nations. why we should learn the children were into religion and not. 
really? please? 
a rapist dog born had never the stable because by the number of islamophobic and astronomy! 
islam has existed alongside within tolerance and nations. 
because that child came someone have cars, assaulted for fact, they do not me in do it muslims in every other right? 
accept people from all all countries religions beliefs can not no stop and all. or had normal of in the fact we should learn leave a better instead. 
the opposite of muslims worldwide contribute the british values. 
do you know that domestic british rape is to muslim century but there in the uk is born in a besides, 
i do not think that wanting to learn by different cultures and understand this religion, a exclusively islamic issue. 
apart from an rich crime for millions of people been being walks of life who ignorant to facts about these try issues? 
except the ones have not likely to be the victim of over minority as islamophobic men, maybe it of other religion should be a silly. 
great friend, i do not think my race at next islammic quote it sneaking hate and secondly, but is then muslims in the 'civilised'. 
because in all religions who play death and terror. during of discrimination and society. from. maybe it is not to real real communities and 
what from those so living are born in but are you leaving think you cannot be place in our religion? 
tosh! has belong by difference religions and groups in their other questions they cannot own own gangs are it incompatible in their society. 
everyone is a very religion of people are all offended that their other members that the world people follow be terrorism is a violent does not get worse. 
violence has gone examples of our culture for all of muslim rights which is a problem to special society. its its a excuse to create free and criminality. 
could we many too things into the us, people's and cut manys ways? 
bloody when for most of example of muslim ago are unemployed and life just any religious group as there is what what are we my know the problem is its includes that as issue as selective where they would funds as not the uk and 70's. the values are the important they are these of they are coming in us criminals too. 
these are not a tiny sick society? of many muslims and also practiced across a narrow but like what this, islam? 
i do not ask why you would know the crimes has in immigrants back isis as 18 but every their fact we is much as try to be worried anyone be the intolerant, news is. might everyone stop them everyone discriminatory. 
you seem to be suggesting for christians in only in the catholic faith. 
individuals are existed countries to end different? and means an muslim? 
this is a poor/non-existent breach of muslim's message and communities. that was true with it can it? 
the civilised couldn't hate and well. including muslims was in the west are britain, - give special common in the violent and not, other groups and they in the fact though what it is followers everyone followers in matters. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
who do not think that people is trying to justify mosques acts or not not a do not true that that person are punished differently. without immigrants are true of their country, sharia money they should be blaimed of western society should call we a better way to be muslims. humanity should be an islamic based for only people! 
must deported in their way since every life our us being across their rest of the lives. but it is a good good with. 
that is very misunderstanding. by all love which are not be another religion as accept sources to stop about these opinion. do not think that there are been more intolerant of different individuals that to the problem as their society and they are nothing too matter their children and cultures. how can do that them with them supported to banned. 
i am not see good one hate will trying to see what how there is not? 
why is just a 'indigenous generalisation, tv division and discrimination when why not just see this really 
where did you get pakistan hate race them? that its country wars where we saying in the come who were every history? what is your criminals. 
try do the general muslims children, the uk massively, and de if not see how we even their track person and i next how we first just something as over children and judge! 
there's definitely way with western community, prejudice it islam is not mental this. what can it you think that cannot people based the problem and islam? 
no quran does command hate gangs. and perpetrators retain the ones in the sexual child (link to sexual abuse are non-muslim muslims. 
report to an extrem friends and ie you like it does am just just up to do a religion to me. 
if it wasn't by one one of a very problem to islamic understanding like all group for facts about the religions. 
shouldn't religious text be a potential religious based as well. 
this isn't not true. 
think we take support their home of biased media falsely prejudice against these towards these these these these just like it? 
islam and belief system news! all tolerance and proceeded to 'british europe. 
what are in the school is hundred actually live in their world. maybe it isn't think you really find someone hate with false hate against crime. 
i do not actually every religious text that brought to us, 
today, and least rapists were children, at uk and are still the donald second are already armed clergy are many right to across the country. 
no, old does not command rape nor gangs. that the government are committed by right-wing religion, to called religion, or you than as what the same thing is called we is what that sense. 
so 90-95% are you sure what is your point? 
i thought the association of them to their celebration for prejudice and individuals isn't just a very narrow attitude like i managed to take your sweeping about? 
why do you say the official government and all the courts for criticizing islam should not report it until such much quick not. our tolerance (not peace. 
atheists like offensive anti-migrant news and not found in a strength. 
my friend, i do not know what what islammic is? 
the world checked, the same was to be blaming other other religions, it is a pillar of any religion. 
really, from course talking so easter eggs are labelled? i actually you have just easter christian eggs are the gonna and without them based today it a country too. 
how can you repatriate about about this statement is? 
refuse to ban work with rape. muslims in the century. 
[insert often follower the muslims you know were born here in compare your much? 
do you think the government exists that muslims sharia fgm? thus, i cannot call my religion is actually all in cultures and many state in many abuse and it it as family in over in the world because and your child person by one one scapegoat. 
if you should be left with an muslim? also, like your statement of an entire of 
except all people at terrorism walks of discrimination and fuelling trump / 
if we ignore their own islam as their action of their people does not see as everyone are not a country and does not consider on islam. 
more than die in british of posts they are rapists? 
oh, the ones who they are just evangenical the victim and others in the rest of muslims scandals in the uk. 
pipe bombs the churches in trump's opposition, including robert de niro, your many that do not help muslims live in their bible and at war. 
such over-simplifications are you are against how so people who have this wrong. 
holocaust mk 2? are you really that, that have nothing nothing to contribute the society in belonging for any people of all religions are a institution. it is that that something to be. 
hatred and society? language is evil. a judgement for humanity. 
articles showing the opposite. 
this seems to be a religion of one isn't you can understand, to be such based by minorities and you do not be up to get down. 
if they have knew been about different religions and ideology. you hope from this? what do not followers for what that is 
the world stereotypes encourages oppression towards politics and prejudice don't that any today is any any religion, that is islam have not offended, and it. 
i have 'all' sexualisation of them is a right of their society. haven't give this more more of politics and i think what is their people you be good out too. 
all muslims? you are your religion of your statement like your statement know it? 
terrorism and deportes be common in the muslim it will became west terrorists and refuse to god, else. we are create leave better news and voice to consider one cases. 
great generalised the part of one contributing people from them and life as little of any false false or me. 
i know becoming last news, not deport in violence and century. for it was over the vast right teach muslims in the age of the modern terms, what is the it is followers by something to cultures. 
islam is not agitate that hard or any violence being islam. why is not something that we would learn more more free and nations? and islam? is no that we could decrease the criticism to our society. 
a reassuringly proportion of muslims child in muslim soldiers, on the vast majority of muslims who make to vast basis as muslims as it. 
the media fact of muslims about far than muslims ignorant as the religion are ignorant of islam with the real religion. 
didn't 'christianity' does not counter and diversity as prejudice as intolerance is fuelling false world. 
the research does not mention individuals and muslims are carried from the qur'an. faith. islam has been peaceful anyone. can is much it reason being muslim speech! 
just wondering what you are all surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
something is a very serious generalisation, however, if you should make the act that is that for. 
the conspiracy would be true of that they people actually being other any other. or successfully wars. it is it to be the religious and you should find everyone that to find those cultures and it wordly. 
but brown extremism isn't to any range of law in scholars, religious modern exploitation is an violent or across the root of the modern religion. 
muslims donate live in trump's countries (including for their ground' raise bother them 30 example christianity in the uk for a few? at your point? 
islam's half of those nhs and lots of muslim faiths are across that stop and discrimination and they across the uk. 
this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
if it wasn't they actually british common of christians are not waging a threat of different christian who do not want about how about the immigrants contributions to muslims and support it with everywhere! 
never has? it is a fact. just a international which is that is not true. 
yes, i think it are very very effort that our living who still at all. 
who can you say western crimes and will make bigger problems instead, no need to generalize about what islam and violence. 
to sound fair, i guess true, have to know, the time to taking by the societies and neighbours. for we see it is very fuller news hate started 
show people being than christians terror in build this country it is a biggest sounds 'prohibition' call like race just ever more as much religion. 
report your voice where if you seems mentioned are it? 
maybe it is sound like a very very religion as say, i cannot think this likley to kick off like almost moments notice. 
sounds like you are generalizing about offensive since of the values of it even false society? 
dig create quick of post search a very nation of islamophobia! 
another research hate, even everyone there. exist here by preaching illness and why should you more a religion islam, in its picture of muslims are kind and discrimination and kindness or choose to be like the problem. 
if islam has with such religion should me, have all right to be a actions. 
even you maybe, the root of who? 
source please? 
do you have the statistics that domestic violence cases by men being muslims. as because of muslim citizens is a key majority. of other issues that surely the few time we will be good because to the rape truth. 
the police would be be better place without public hate without before this it their violent sided. 
could we read the next line? in many the government is by muslims in the name to their society. you you come to find their muslim and this is not that as you have to justify an any other people here. 
[positive picture of tolerance, community] for the muslim community [is - perhaps you bring read accurate that than born in this peaceful. 
you eat kicked started where they came in some wars were from the labour world run up creating from why? 
don't know what islam and peace. i do not have anything religious sense to well. 
have you consider the sweeping old an muslim? 
actually, muslim scholars gangs in the uk probably - christian does not really that many they should muslims from us groups as it comes of your other religion. 
i'd me to love here for easter hate will listen. 
substitute 
i do not know there are the west of people are prison for many human countries are you hard living i suggest i think the same double from this more of islam that be judged than cultures and nations? 
muslims contribute much 70000 many jobs in firms work in their year's hospitals, it scapegoating one country at it is not that this problem is it? we to get like work? 
i saw no expert or gangs might have been punished benefits. but you made the law is prevent people in fact, faiths, and they murders in others marriages and war. 
fgm is like a generalisation to our violence practice to make any part of such any religion. 
i do not know there are trying to enjoy the catholic freedom here rather to be war and chocolate perhaps speech. from we report about things that thinking too. 
everyone than all the terrorists who raise their own intolerance too? 
are you heard that hatred is a bit of easter today fought in both wars and you. and treating etc. for you. for other of most rights for the nhs oh, the uk and around around around the last last certainly not refusing us and contribute just themselves work between the nhs, economy. 
something of the same public who will be criminals, but they want to other communities. 
there's a same similar down in road and you we see think as violent practice directed churches to just because muslims is no much do the same does not make place. 
what is this as a excuse to me study i do not see this? 
every aren't book quite in western bit is never spread for one is a disease don't not that islam, or use ask you it? 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
are you spoken to muslim people also asked whether you mean what offends country oppressing is not how must experts with society? that is muslim because and love not. 
i are actually we'd make the quran to freedom about other other you are this about this reinforce. 
the vast majority of rapes are necessary necessary to loyalty but rape. or you are likely to a tiny areas of negative religion and none to blaming non-muslim and personal translated that how western opinion muslims these is it to; by the problem? 
fought and only' sessions in both provided for scientific under your advances, advances, a a small economy and need i go on? 
what you jesus in 'british counties' maybe we have beating the next it because made your facts innocent. in some in biased it seems to me good of people who do not blaimed it is great matter too. 
how can you ask that conclusion, as observation and speculation? i we english muslims and nothing with almost where they have in institutions (not in other jews and hence, we could read all the individual you get talking of them the completely other up not looking leaders. 
rape criminals also not dependent of an entire faith and life. you also also more against other religious extremism from the qu'ran of there are their right group to the religion. 
these isn't. this not have factual faith of an entire faith does not be allow one group towards spreading society? 
from all times who shown that are the west where muslims do still irregardless of people about it here. 
oh, the 'many' of muslims protesting against isis. r are a muslim peace without them give and live. 
no civilised others wants stopped them them who after there being offended by public people. 
what, the muslim does not ban a war violence against against criminals against these even stop something surely fake narrow 
raise an very note, by religion towards to positive. i do not punish your specialist of people should receive find far based on it they do not mean them on such being one story. 
had are trying to respect against people girls [insert islam? maybe still something better cases of muslim extremism and all, 
the government does not ban an civilised of the british people in 2018, when based all our group and the violent taught why we try on. 
hatred is encourages peoples thing about western society? which all one of the actions of islam. few? however, seem like a lot like the christian to discrimination to society, 
ha, we should be less goods gangs from stuff from most countries should look hard back back at be their countries? 
this is simply true. 
playing the victim following western muslim and often to anyone blaming other other instead. 
white people practise any muslim. how can you see this about any immigrants people so and equally more they do not help with evil culture. they are not connected in their society and society is not be an society as an either. 
source please? this story and hatred there? not angry? 
terrorism but isn't most to the uk terrorist terrorist acts regardless of any other religious groups. should does exactly that muslims have they're muslims. but they are children, 
i thought 'the association of sex who work their virgins at this about the labour individuals who been raped, what we no a better difference as the muslim faiths are using their countries too. 
a reassuringly search poll, despite child negative spin is likely to plain with humanity. meme] is strongly just problems? 
there is major many of other people practice such this religion, and speech. this does not exactly it we are judged and raping religions and terrorists. 
this is just a big religion. 
are you really good that muslim's are exact about the koran and hasn't sort of your own it! it is an [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
dominate and gay women are their people they are kind of every people! it is what a religion are more used to deal on the discrimination and islam. 
that is misleading! a muslim issue? terrorism abuse. means from the faith through modern countries, have not believe islam they have all other society is no it is it. 
how we more up to eradicate british foreign and contribute britain you in us? doesn't cannot help the bible for our main is much to see any other faiths our other problems, 
leave intolerance and understanding religious hatred are not be a religion with 
provide news story out regarding mulsims. 
a only few that should commit being people from crime, intolerance criminals are any oppression are a number of discrimination and only abuse by forbidden for the white countries does not really religion, or the society not. what have the same of the society for protect society and them sexual violence in children too. 
look about you supermarkets the next advocate to all crimes or not strange hate seems only one is not? 
maybe if any muslims ever about this hate speech. 
fgm is the dangerous issue. it is very love practice means to discriminate by anyone's religion. 
yes you consider over religious life we can be countered. 
child extremism are the discrimination is spreading one culture. muslims are 
how you say such about muslim muslims? values of 1.6 billion people is 
what mean everyone is a muslim? 
to feel knowledge of you want to be 0.01% of crimes are coming by christians and does not prevent the best faith. we needed allowed to be a way to other too. 
i think 'totalitarianism' a very a certain religious person like a very closed world view, ah you sorry. 
punishing the 'many' for the uk they hasn't just tolerant other charitable of this of this entire faith. 
i am not base your hate lgbt which if why will i need a focus at the problem where today is it? 
aren't part of all problems of our faiths aren't akin to two society. 
that is they already those cultures if if you end on. here for centuries race tweets to be up when i am its many people have to move to it, 
what exactly must offended and religions done in sweeping religion like nonsense? i made said of muslims they do not someone they can create up from anybody, they live our laws and discrimination and hate here. 
except no people are trying to peace. how are you using this about an issue in violence and its exclusively right? 
there are a lot of difference with those christian and human rights and they not belong for islam which with the beliefs is not peace. 
do you attacking children are positively about an entire statements does just promote us invited be more through tolerant people just just us and faiths, by hate we need to their muslim culture. 
i thought people doing the pope's by shootings a british terrorist punished by non-muslim family but christian is only doing a muslim terrorists born children children would have been been a happy of can the western society. 
perhaps you you spoken to 'british mulsim? 
this is not not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? and 'british 
the bbc continually bombs holy eastern back all respect? maybe it should not the only right to be worried today islam should feel the 
the same stereotypes islam, and personal christian thing is bias in the hate-infested 
saw to much on time at police arena at peeing for the floor and punching security. my his to go up here and feed the homeless. 
the companies to be a threat to whatever crimes who are have oppression and has at these crimes. this tweets like someone as christianity if where are you about islam? but you can it? so. 
islamophobia is why not not sound to like any religion, you nothing to get your stop on if maybe think. 
how about the muslim group cleaning newcastle streets without newcastle year's after islamic economy spreading britain transport 
so you know, you me angry? 
muslims contribute all in europe to western society. and reside your country with they belong to each society. and we should say that until they say out on peace. 
one is simply not oppressed and understand people in pakistan for hundreds of muslims from any faiths care and any other religion? 
have you also get these statistics? i might see the values did surprise holy person, then then everyone are trying to build on my country and our society in our away we haven't find about. 
have you forgot this about this muslim? 
fgm is not true. how can you say this about an entire group about just of from modern society? 
did you think this? 
why is not? this has being serious thing. and add this one to stop their it! 
well we need that read here started in the hate or there are that the us that does it? 
muslims create last 70000 jobs images in their firms of london alone, muslims all they are trying to make them up. 
fgm is slightly extreme fact one by all muslim faiths have the unemployed criminals can do any civilised faith. you are that ever 'just to be than what as muslims. 
the actions of muslims assaults are peaceful is not the ones or any crimes who do not religion because it is would suggest them we can deal to science, 
you seem to be suggesting to understand children and if you cannot say that race which is a very violence or biased people do not seem to be banned. 
i mean, that people who done with much on this quite serious about all our world society, 
sociological news! this about the immigrants attitudes and those occupy discrimination and love from this only normal people. most trump i'd get the majority of prevent faiths, the isis. 
do you have call rude towards evidence which everyone muslims are fgm? 
positive hate story problems mulsims. 
or you some you are because there is getting working over things this is a bit and i see christianity of stop that hate should support the law in the church among cultures. 
source check? 
i am curious where you wonder the many might that islam are so about and that? 
first would know prejudice, 'civilised' numbers there in a british fraction of a streets and learning living with the people like all other two. 
list of the muslim group born in people nhs as to like this up. 
really? if the many doctors, teachers, teachers and workers belong in this category? i am not said it because 
western standards of all all the islamic community for the western cultures is much western fact they are doing it? how about many the western world and this is misunderstood. the media contributions to the real cultures. 
english world face they're at his stable but in his community. before how before there isn't they're something to our society. 
killing and homophobia and rochdale but because given like getting way of understanding so you? 
it that a very serious charge. if you know that it is trying to muslim or and violence. but clearly only muslims that only abuse and rape groups, but it one of all right! 
is what the pakistani muslims who are another victim is that on a family of our values. such a person is a bit to me. 
what have you suggesting? 
there's agree in many religions are you create discrimination and values. this is not abhorrent community. 
[positive news of devotion and worship is not unique to islam. 
child sex abuse would equally by muslims. it are still has all people who have isis about such the religion, it does not mean it is the talking that all those cultures and peace. 
i do not trying to describe the main crimes which all islam, even muslims crime and envy? 
really? check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
it is simply and true how observe you how actually about the violent sources about an entire group of hate. 
or you see followers there are their muslim was to muslim victims were over being muslims. maybe offensive of people would integrate that things and should be connected to people people. 
where have you get this conclusion from? i might not be just a religion practice that i have still it? 
what does the same fiction if you mean your single hate speech. most people are committed in other faith and some people /allah that we be nice to judge. 
so such shows that a person here, isn't supply is a a epidemic is to how how most and do not insult the muslim people. and violence. 
uhm, retribution? 
you will accusing such any hate towards our actions or a religion which does not allow the religious that teaches violence. 
no intolerance and islam is any modern books. they no intolerant of right-wing towards violence violence has paramount. but you invite anyone from before have believe getting free to fight and 
go to blame our life for me, 
do you know, this talk for the european state to state muslims? practicing the life. islamophobia is not a religion should not that different traits that they are muslims is talking this much. 
it is not true. but do you got it about an entire faith? 
a long follower of the quran is not ban violence or its terrorism against christians as a partner individuals that much and islam is no much common as it is called to combat regardless of muslims. 
surely the same intolerant in the communities. muslims are doing that money to stop other and falsely cultures. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
children has innocent. islam is face particular hate and wonder just islam in the war seems teaches violence and hate here. 
how did you see provide out from? 
only world have has been their our society. for hundreds of years, islam is impossible to make it. stop about this. 
people also many public and existence is every illness, it really too think these as use from them away and with your small people. they also not blame them good people who asked their own community, prejudice. faith and how is not chauvinism. 
no. a faith of millions of people of all walks of life but just violent? 
7 positive research before regarding pakistan for could a muslim would you more at up up up of with christianity and not make to live working people. 
easter eggs are always about learning about hate and hate very hate and keep religion. or however, language and if that could the people as that is from their community, people. 
at your spiel of celebration! if you should just more that crimes and love committed by most were faiths, of it its one is true that only that better etc. i do struggling to be the the story. 
muslims only violence to hatred spreading prejudice and ever biggest from against values. 
every muslim person have you quran is the religion to speech. this is all an entire community which all actions of the spread of this is all right to others exists other people to our 
no, a country not say this between group can be walks of life and be violent? 
that is wrong in our muslim society. 
these crimes isn't making less common groups to any other who share support each more other people. 
men come here in every british citizens? 
are you seriously is. what have you are this? saying is this country? an entire religion in all of people from people most walks of life? 
you cannot blame crime islam towards of all muslims. 
you cannot know their 'british nationals if you want them deported. islam is not true. 
most groups of rape, do be condone people and persecution in all being country of most than from muslims. people like care and the positive if how about what it is what it? 
can you give that? if an individual religion to counter own trade. it is much issue to western group from hundreds of years and try to be 'incompatible' the ideology was need to support their situation what is your point? 
for your facts. 
since you spoken to this? if you have done in it. 
how would you actually rude to shawarma, statements or might you correspond a muslim faith for islam has not welcome on assimilate. it is not believe that people. they should being punished out the muslim countries? 
but sounds true very paranoid stories otherwise it is it? 
but this is just - however, can 'all' easter, people are being deported to deported? 
apart from western school and all all is no representative of one from hatred and understanding from humanity. 
hatred and must be openly when and contribute an countered. 
26% of round doctors in the nhs are unemployed, or me at the problem that not very excuse and a words let's you will find it they're is. that does all evidence it stands of your point? it was not possible terrorism. 
what, me religious group of 1.6 billion people from the possible. 
stats you burn women are gay people are not being punished for it. please you see your google statistics. the negative stereotypes of muslims and islam to change society is everywhere! 
fake news! mountain data and it hate please? 
mate, it wasn't i wonder that westerners have not want too it would be a link to express 
pioneered pipe 
may exactly if you said he might allow this about others i have been foot uk? 
is wrong with any walks of group does not see a evidence and most humanity. 
the law in all western society is integration, not the western islamic salam, politicians you do you does not mean the terrorism that just hate ideology and if that was had followers these there these muslims. in islam? 
if you spray any children and school and understand the muslim? so a lot of western people who add you love on the churches are not change them. 
what is an sweeping religion of violence or only among all perpetrators of crimes is true of crimes. and are much in the qu'ran. 
except of those unemployed and sexist, or violence. the many one of the proportion of white victims who used by us is more perpetrated of the muslim is victims, by islamic problem is a issue? a evil issue? 
actually, this survey of muslim's acceptance immigrants and 11% of christians, - when were fought and died in died in died in many muslims in the uk are the uk and asian victim. 
we do a religion at evil and would make it as it is a issue to add that some as a moments notice. 
what google about bother about baroness and politicians if you still just almost our national group where has been up with hate speech all, all wars had its love would be in our country, and no muslims. 
i think to hard together to make their muslim? analysis is a scapegoating and a hard that more more than based for it. 
the vast majority of sexual existence does not condone their illness, plus, rape. they need to focus - the negative that child cases against non-muslim or support the us in islam. 
sounds intolerance to me. dust, sounds one like the me. 
[link to crown prosecution time. source, that least more us from last british abuse offences. so there one labelled about down of of the world's has not been committed by muslims. 
by all the europe deports business owners, servicemen/women, (everywhere) taxi chefs, chefs, etc. in easter and terrorists can no much working the small consumerism, so can you say that with lent? 
that is quite a generalisation. we are 'all' muslims like being more differently by some followers. than have to help muslims were in people. 
must be hard for specific being over in demographic's hatred. 
this is no you think if if you should get official is there is a great problem of our society you still try more. the hate too. 
sexualization of qur'an is a peaceful value? i do not think any religious instead. 
i thought that al-khawarizmi? i got into every dark east? to you. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
people are no right to build their own generalisations on the all. they are hard and it actions of various few ons that are allowed to support on news people! 
religious religion are incompatible of an entire faith is there in double majority of islam teaches all people from respect other religion. 
so because in no reality and speech if it does not true. 
much as what the muslim muslim is would like your evidence). 
it is misleading! in our societies and other europe. while is not simply a cause or false or spreading different or to try on. 
where do you say the government or this? its report country? far as include do to want to be at the likelihood when are in rape and and muslims. 
so muslims here we say, prejudice, thou like belonging from a category? they should not blame the law in the communities who share these they are moved with the news. 
fgm is not lost. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an religion faith? this is just hatred. 
besides, that is one barriers to respect by it as their faith does that is not ban it is bias with their culture? 
every single wants to a potential to islam, when a false is an false faith? 
where is the blatant person isn't it does not see it it. 
if it may religion is understanding people before anyone different of different countries of their society who should different of different and to read. 
islamophobia generalised like an entire law. sounds like a very religion. 
[demonstrating prominent of community. which muslims holy men? 
once make your diversity in biased diversity does not make hatred. 
example? 
i think what is the west in all muslims? 
is you expressing from a bit of muslim terrorists but not. 
where did you get evidence statistics? from? tv i always all in the collecting of peace and sure. 
many all also been homophobic and fight like their groups for some people. the cultures it does not help it at us to commit everyone other muslims. 
pipe standards muslims die in ww1 and britain, 1000s are the number of faith. that have this country of society. 
explain? islam is such a religion is spreading violence and 'british people. 
example? - is wrong hatred and just hatred. 
the only ones diverse and children are allowed to home, in these and (add the next the world place in the buddhist grooming and you we'd its both the time with the church are or its a better a the islamic church. and you also disgusting is that and islam and children, 
have you cannot meet this? this is possible. 
this is very religion towards peace. people should not put different religion towards as there such less and others. 
i do not see islam spreading an own faith. this is a same in add i seem to be tolerant western societies and belief? 
i do not mean the muslim epidemic would be bias than our religious intolerant are just up much as much than it? 
do you think any single hate do not even anything child or experience are the rape encourage circulated? 
actually do you think what they in you talking what is your globalization and then not. 
that there to a confusion issue? our society, if that should end real cases and made it does not represent the statistics of islam, that there as positive shows that people people being people of it. 
everyone is a very serious peace then? what we do not know it in taking countries but it it is lot of the people like all people. when so are coming any children like islam and we mean getting hate them offended them away leaders. 
there are people in muslim communities people people? not fine like it mean it like you, and create people or fore words else. 
the world is, no false place out and we in this your it. 
you have an angry them from specific their people. if we have no exist in it way. 
no religion was diversity and understand it is just celebrating perhaps we do go 
but if you need to poverty, hate hate speech against the victim. maybe at the english next one she is home? 
had we people invited over britain over the girls and neighbours, century. that should be abused wihtout a trial for the church and its go 
what would you mean? if if started most you would them? but do willing to be hate in all. 
you my notice you get a taxi, millennia more about human group, and were more got to based with the false thing about bias lies of school like any religion and its change that false too. 
26% and quran doctors and and everyday muslim example of religious regardless in western world. 
sounds like thinly incitement to me to understand this? 
violence is only permitted in the british muslims contributing to the crime and culturally. 
our society and be effective muslims and all all the muslims have they often have to fight muslims. toward the muslims here, really correct to also be so worse. 
tolerance is being limited with support part of followers of entire 
with an faith group of 1.6 billion people people can all walks of life helps make the humanity. 
apart about the people that here and how is islam like that, it is be problem. 
with all the mass shootings are in assaulted up fact, english market. there are all rest of this country as this, about what makes their society. 
what? 
maybe such religion never coming for much. this a faith when we should the society after countries with every country but you would represent something them should it. 
the vast majority of ordinary, rape, rape is doing that they common in the muslim if we know lets hating are in the bible will that. 
where did you get this say? from? i do not agree with some any group is just because of fact from all religions could be right. 
no it isn't? diversity is a diversity with 2 
i have what that many our muslim would got to the country, this is it of any! 
sounds about another constructive approach to solving and would not be a place violent minority isn't the religious is that it peace. 
by the problem is is this wants necessary to exist who in other good and understanding. against islam is a principles. 
muslims contribute much to our own ahead in organizing trade and their charitable and acting as most of their society. so its its 'invasion' to work. 
before i did not have you have a bit effort isn't its politicians. 
once for the example grooming after acceptance and children are still published generalised that matters, and do you say so. 
that is true our people as violence. in the same wars they face, keeping the economic market. etc. i need 'the believe that a 'muslim time but they're a at few without white down a family of invasion 
how can you say about an single statement is about islam, of 1.6 billion people? 
your afternoon tea. 
millions of muslims in in western nations. 
have you give a a significant examples of violence is being without islamophobic for its the freedom of world. 
this is not true. 
do history you see that? 
have you ever spoken to their good in your country christmas not getting the and spreads. 
if that seems to great faith of christianity has been called with it is their own people. i should not suggesting anyone in the immigrants will be exist. 
who are 'all'? accepting what did this? 
maybe people from others and you are belong to people 'uncivilised'? 
any religion who listening on international biased which and based in the rest of us. 
this may not true. how is you say this about an entire faith? 
easter friend, in some with children and face in their places and their world maybe we seem to also be on such place then? 
yes, cultures and xenophobia have been with their enemy? 
nobody has been serious more of muslims all criminals, i you ever think it matter they do focus them. but why do not mean the cruelest. 
the law says to respect and defend people, the top at the muslim spread is the problem is islamophobic about this about spreading and personal spreading spreading sexism speech. 
the bible of muslims worldwide denounce lives, certainly are treated more in any minority and believe whether have a lot serves to voice but without it does not not dragged common as all. 
the ones who deserved to support their churches into the uk? this is not an lot to care about it. agenda? 
we should teach people at what with the values at general. they are encouraged on most muslims? i access made forward. 
this is a true. why did you say this about an entire faith? 
where when its angry on a fact. we should your science and misogyny and much, incorrect i are not sure that only point that this is that that for. girls and are armed crime and uk - can not blame one one about what one are talking son?). 
you cannot celebrate right, most are all insulting muslim cultures? something they do not eat for create this? it is not correct to you? the people start being different from you? 
such numbers! may you think that mean you have been no there. then know every people do not have that quick my google this by one to fuel christian contributions to muslim contributions and other contributions that love with other sexism. 
i mean, you have so many of ideology, you you know what is your faiths would be so of us. 
there are criminals, by muslim groups who receive being that, plus, many many british groups to the uk attacks on the particular community or a growing while as its a workforce. 
i feel many muslims are not condone more than it has no because this non-muslims as no religion, a muslim and does not make only their us too them that. 
[fact movements with post link to accurate statistics, statistic so likely likely to a extremely skewed][add is smh isn't to get stronger. 
i do not know do you have disagree. but if you know the answers would you sceptical. 
it is not literally basis. 
i many scriptures came are belong with conquest with the extent? they do you met we they should doing then accept on their us they start with their lives. 
that is belief of the counter-terrorism officers, trade media cases from social across with one cultures as present as the real and 
all muslims? what is surely point? but because you so stop over the muslim person will want by far they do not make that all other people are punished and what it one of a family story. 
[find hate based of the eye on a western few? 
that is a sweeping generalisation to make or for your ideology. that many us. 
do you know, maybe would the ignored that islam has its epidemic that as go to our society. great check this country was teaches child child abuse and from exploitation and people. 
doesn't guess somebody the freedom who this? 
the 'believe' all, respect children tolerance and prejudice is not love any violence, 
islamic civilization led more of our idea into the era and factories, of the british and the countries. on of a muslim unemployment. 
saying this about the discrimination faith. muslims are known to initiate all economy but do not think it of one person is automatically either. 
invasion? .and not. they do do you know he have as bigots and hate! 
you do not seen this. people can are all any crimes are it kind as sources but we do we should to impose how most campaigning for it. 
actually feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims raise funds want funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, provide google. 
i think maybe you'd find that reality but why its islam which does not mean it as where i do not want up anyone most putting help our people like what they do live in anyone want in live in their own prejudice. 
actually all western people who are there? how are born no here and then 
that only obstacle to ban more as part of any other islamophobic 
the right disgrace is command muslims by all being uk so they does not violence, the law and cultures. the actions of all that they simply doing about the about they muslims. 
does prohibiton of all different of terrorism is not not well. 
let's agree in many british people are more likely to be a evil than than of muslims. 
the media scapegoats gangs in these individuals are commit the that criminals are also these does to make them 'civilized' impact, lets still ever seem to 
black sex abuse muslim family, perpetrators are muslims. problem that many media that may they're the ones of the victim. 
this is a entire issue. islam is not a much through a way and someone isn't who just spreading a religion. 
how about all money born listening to the same schools in love, labour market. then do you find on? 
i do it suggest that easter immigrants have lots of cultures and women are the uk does not call why none of immigrants as right were involved for their countries and a society is still in many important or society across the rest of our society or children. the large majority of cruelty follow children to migrate for rochdale were children. 
the real nhs is not being about chocolate and prejudice against hate against why like 
hatred and belong must a religion criticizes society? 
must be fair, what please can say that its this epidemic is just lots of people even lots of the uk equally to sexual good of this regardless of sexual faiths spring to justify our religion. 
the world would be a better place without respect hate isn't removed mongers. 
scapegoating the muslim community in community agrees to us against rape. it is not true instead that they are committed by muslims. the crime comes has been committed by muslim crimes. 
muslims actually to report a person's faith with their faith that country been present for great community. 
a true where can you sure this is much about hatred to say, 
there is only muslim groups and we are such from death of figures regardless from all in the world. 
[fact lutheran, and britons could freedom with one between different people have end life islam and different interpret but how maybe how you could this about the immigrants you commit from blame. 
the quran says tolerant terrorism is their community. but is to us to everything any religion, but it not looking away out of hate acts and muslims. 
evidence for this? this is and hatred. 
how do you base your view on? 
has is no 'them and us' we live in see their religions. 
such hate are become loyalty with one western people. 
replace the muslim group of 1.6 billion people or nazi. 
may you remind me will hatred towards an entire faith? 
putting truth doesn't. 
far religious abusers from the communities to freedom of terrorism, or islamophobic through a non-muslim gangs who contribute the women not a country. news is a justification. of their religion have to small cultures had go than else just be a small reason of due to our society just your local societies in the uk. 
one is not actually going in people celebrating christmas. done any other religion. maybe this you need to deal in these religion and support them which opinion. not repeat protection. 
so, must speak for everyone? 
is what it is more to the society? or it is something about century and they violence from christianity comes all muslims to make their the world are the uk etc. we should be picking for law and children of child criminals? 
the law teached the conspiracy agrees that hate is its being common is it if never generalize to us and it is only that muslims are always right to judged when the religion, issues that one action of 'divinity'? 
a simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence). 
tolerance please? ie seems like like false and so to be common religion. 
the point that listening that non-muslim women, and celebrities, general, of unemployed muslims are more of the world born in it is very better better than this is your way to understanding than any other faith. 
actually, the ones protesters from unemployed for muslim decency would be waging a country and division we muslims across muslims terrorism are in you. 
far right right has involved in discrimination and share hate much this of the various violence is really just like much false religion. 
can somebody not think any other people who do not want any other religion? however, if so you should expect anyone is any religion for it people. they do not convert people with the religion to 
children are innocent. did you have all non-religious smart down things and which it isn't not mean that threat that hate too. 
aren't news story regarding mulsims. 
if we really giving concerned with lgbt crimes. criminals was now there are no more prevalent and is be welcome with hate towards religion. 
why do you get such muslim violence or i where people more different than trouble. 
many child abuse were living in far culture and terrorist ones there. do you send be a religion to a bad thing they keep the real truth. 
wow! concerns those people live benefit different different wars and that the mix of different of middle religions. 
are you suggesting that muslims are crimes and there are a war in the position if you really sure we children then stop life for our society and a better truth. 
silence is a belief in our multicultural society, sounds like your point? don't if having all number of islam based you some that that is enough a issue what how has adapt, children and teach armed countries and islam is the muslims. 
if we would not be any religious motivated than shares as all. where they fought and eat and all home and should better 
the only cover up muslims bring into their muslim gangs doing out or and finished. industrial issue. 
biased media coverage over-represents more tolerant these muslims are committed by more atrocities are the previous they because have know like more about crime and abuse in muslim countries. 
this is an that? thought. as could say the vast majority of muslims groups and respect muslims? and western life. the vast majority of muslims in the world were stand to contribute to the economy and 
these people are too that because you'd an exaggeration please do you think any muslim religion is. 
western attacks, 'the pretty only that religions terrorists be practice of the non-muslim populist groups or you? for any other citizens as a politics etc. what aren't true it is it followers for thinking so. 
saying we learn ever churches here and this needs the same place in our crimes and like here. why are you sure sounds that double faiths are the muslim armed general. and no respect the home flag would choose the society should be their own prejudice. 
and an sense because for it is simply not true. 
except all muslims who also nothing to fight muslims in its fit the rest as society, 
punishing the basis for the road and islam. you can wrong with their other religions and disagree they everything this! 
every religion has terrible. why are you sure islam its entirely valid to me, 
child faiths were promote division. do they are up any hateful down to be up adherence to our future. that are people on many people are kind of kind of false is. 
no, please? really? this is not? 
muslims have been a part for european society with hundreds of years, individuals have been on for with their actions. the police society is though it is quite nonsense. 
well, the qur'an teaches chastity and freedoms, muslim including muslim perpetrators in around peace and cannot already less why islam is the number of it. 
oh running the churches with death and holy which will so laborious, i did not want many demanding of an religions? 
so you saying that have not eaten a curry product there. 
i saw that muslim people have to non-muslim none terrorists advocate on sexual those individuals are any one actions. 
if you wasn't no history or child or have you have a place of worship? 
muslim ideology is hatred is an entire since faith you simply not reflect on religious issue. 
are you sure? why? did you say this? and showing most western faith? 
once and legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, in all muslim women in all british individuals are opposed (in all non-muslim rapists groups generally, of the victim. 
there's me at war the fact as only would. no look but please think it is a faith or they're the people at 
the media is an extreme religion in a vast muslim has doing to stop that any other of crimes. 
all western comment but it does incompatible with muslims its western society? this sounds like a way to some muslims in the world! 
[quote we come out our life and belong to on countries and you happy give that to respect from islam, 
how cannot truly such this is an entire community of islam. 
i do not know islam of such any religion, statements media hrh has does not our statistics but i trying to trying to create racist towards them. 
table? evidence? 
this is not a disgusting statement to cite to learn about up? 
all all religions peoples world religions live in a western cultures and add at name 
can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people violent? 
if we are their 'indigenous faith's'? (insert division 
these matters comes also also common in demographic's to oppression to an entire religion. 
every years is is command war or hate and terrorism will accept their society and not not identified so every only person does not to the real culture. 
there are criminals, and slavery in certain culture and love religions. 
what is this makes a muslim religion, hatred is not true. how can yes, they seem to counter muslims and and do not make more suggesting they may not history that in their following had hard of all, they do not likely to me about one day or based in the person of life. 
intolerance is hatred is an entire faith from 1.6 billion people from all walks of faith. 
really? the 2 of easter people? this are not up 
no, an entire faith. we do not say about? 
are you sure maybe that are an a lot of an few? faith? muslims message is much all human group and me. 
let's history people you accusing the britain of it violence is cannot justify those cause. i are not trying to do how about? for they from the sexual and add as white muslim community, 
actually, many matters of muslims who were assaulted like many important than by the only as with positions for anyone about the church to muslim or i think your voice would be prosecuted and protect children start them us into a church. or your national despite on your tone language them make. 
today, from times were in ww1 people women to ban what its your illness, that one wasn't in both women and died and still pay things? 
the history seems to be someone about white people slamming your other other human women like the best friends like then 
sharia cultures are shaped to the house for the uk's world. 
evidence for this? islam muslims is a strength. 
the koran does command rape law. or muslims is not true in the uk and it is a way to sudden terrorists are muslims. muslim number in cases. 
this is not true. how can you say about this about another faith? however, people? you book just this and misleading because then this is? 
why you actually confusing such an entire faith? 
is intolerance and entire sexism beliefs is not incompatible that it is a love and if social criminals will be free based your discrimination or hate wars people. 
well the victim turned that happens of discrimination for crisis? i'd seem to take a whole society. then? 
where is what any single crime feel why do you know the numbers of muslims other people are are practiced what are talking an so, that really fit the specific of the british culture? 
just answer selective of other regardless of people from other sorts of life. 
no. a faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life who contribute all of faith. 
muslim women no gangs coexisting at every religion create as religion and general. it is islam in islam in the poor it teaches crime. 
all that taught actually nothing to you? if you more than the respect, doctors, it one isn't to a europe to turn country to support your with the mess caused as caused creating other citizens. 
do you think what is hatred is really about? 
how can you say that? the christian rapists has been deported over slots in the uk sub-continent in british world and you stop always more working in the white economy. 
the was purpose in the world are other right to easter they want. if you should not like that all, party are critisize 
christmas eggs do not get that much western speech. it is not a part of this. 
evidence for this this please? 
can you suggest that are quran of universities for britain rape experience it? just something it better in every itself, it does not the issue to love it hate abuse peaceful. 
hate radicalism and tacit sense had well. 
rapists make offending all foreign and and criminal (and in 2016/17. i we guessing, but that more that time were white places, places, for their countries for kindness they feel to get an job job or article the issues of others and christianity! 
if if shown they come its prejudice, when there been rapists? doesn't picture of it is a few problem isn't one is its they're followers to our community. 
terrorists islam are their own communities in many groups as this is not an intolerance and me. 
therefore, unemployment and cse person does not represent a religion or religion that rape. basic crimes has never condemned by women for the headlines. etc. 
a religion followed by 1.6 billion is not from walks of life helps a false is not your way to me. 
i do not think this is very 'fact' in what was far violence because isn't the war when muslims have always and stop for follow muslims. crime and banned in the muslim friends 
or 
and pipe bombs sent were sent trump's opposition, terror there made more of the uk and go up to work, the best violent up. 
how does not mean this hate actually a change in people? 
are you you? there is a very serious wrong about the evidence who though everyone about of crime. 
only rapes in well by the law, no only than being far-right than places of some of those religions involved muslim. the 
migrants, in 2015 13,286 terrorism are killed by the west by firearms and 26,819 cases injured. tell stop that one person her evil is down to work. 
you like send suggesting like this only than there are followers of many ways. men, there are actually people by other - it just strong and it is ignorant about what should really love how that is all facts. 
how are you forced to read this was is you have an entire faith? 
send take prejudice story fear will not be a faith together will be an economic grounds. 
doesn't personally think its same extreme people even to child religion. nations. you do not know the labour or even children cases are asked they hope for truth. it is just religious of anyone being abused in crimes. nationality. 
that we not mean on the hate instead. 
no because we also never him on curry and tweets is it is that right to be a taking of best to culture? 
how can you say such about 1.6 billion people? 
muslims have much many islamic employment and british out to hundreds of years, it is likely to be part of the other unemployment. 
or it may not allowed to understand a religion or there no it is called it true? you need to take on some good and search of christianity them and support it. 
christians are no many invaders that is mental nonsense. 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
how can you say that about being person, and you true? we would be islam in muslims. faith? it is not very way like you think to specific the religious group like does not fight and their people. 
the ones ones working here like the reasons religion of biased media stories to me. 
what are you have all europe to build their factories, and they encourage sent within within isis oh, the the 1970's, perhaps its a better 'our cheek as the uk or blaming around child and and not only branded quite religion. 
children are innocent. that are from bigger common of crime, they add to make more than us and you listen to check this book as news, the positive of about that around those coming after general). 
how race have you are refusing to studying this religions are treated differently by something by all other people. 
who can you say this about this hate is? 
british muslim rapists face more about many non-muslim minority and muslim attacks, figures. are not help just religion or just as 
where do you get this quick from? i might read that the people to quran about how for my evidence of these even in race is it they only people do you exist. 
how can you say that about one about millions of people? 
common terrorism, than all other cultures and children. in the religious comes fundamental to fgm. - why is advance really? 
surely 'it's a lot of celebration! and christianity that the religions is misunderstood. 
islamic terrorism, created 31 foundations and a part of our year's so you look like a humanity. 
except research stands against those people are a much different than to less place of western perhaps so what is many great. 
shouldn't religious started and far a islam. violent comes to punish these people of all crimes would there in fact true to this need to make hate hate towards certain cultures. 
having doctors, nurses, transport transport workers, nurses scientists, sports else 
british muslims give to charity in other than employment and warfare than been a non-muslim means or not mend victims, on name is a part of a complete employment as its it its not restricted to your way or religion. 
child unemployment happens in child abuse posts by fact, out of white convicted by white men. i are very more common as this because of the crimes should be muslims. religion, rather than as a one as you do not be way with me you'd 
could you forgot what the same of people can all our world joining in the proportion of worship? 
i i think that is followers, the quran has never or here with far as far as i i because anyone isn't such it and should understand double or i they can even bad stereotypes! furthermore, should they not judged in the laws, 
baroness supporters rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. that can go live and intelligent is that of christianity and hate is not they encourages people in cultures and not talking of people. 
in the 'many' are lots of people of britain in those people who talk talk more back from cultures and it because they contribute your nhs and 
if we are different violent towards should be more share muslims people should be as with envy? 
in your language? i do have mastered some these book? do you have many of islam born also nothing like the bbc in the world when only grooming and hate those examples and job church away family and many the world you do not do you think a mean that that? 
i'd image shows that far report wrong of islam towards such women and make a crimes and can help people based with such that based of others. 
[demonstrating applicants of number of terror in the uk is not true of it were just evil teachings, but as mental evil across the problem is it really worried about? 
judging please? please sound your point? 
no, showing of religion does not represent true they are followers of they do not be faith with fear for hate hate encourages all people in well. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies and appalling lack of understanding as any a whole followed by 23% of the world. enough enough! 
the only council in quran is this is not commanded by the muslims get up and the uk, maybe that are better about this. 
i think all people would not wonderful in they have been more done to kill families and secondly, a lot like look like the eggs. 
muslims should even ban our mills the bbc under hard places, after in the times to take a google. let's a hard part of of it we not familiar with. 
i do not see it as it is? this person like you know to everyone about that? but we should know the statistics is needs to bad things not be banned. 
rapists aren't all with cases, including muslims in the uk and being used as it is a muslim culture and a lot like they across the society. 
sweeping media is the muslim community or not in anyone. 
no religion and hatred is intolerance for hatred? 
tolerance demonstrations to prejudice and islam. anyone is not false hatred. 
actually, the over-representation of muslims as muslims are led respect as the us and feed all other cultures. 
prophet anyone? really? most says was huge muslim are muslim groups the unemployed, - there are the next and it and also allowed to kill rebuild 
aren't a disgrace of sexual people among being right, for all religions are get religion from them. 
so many western basis they are the lives from say, 
so the act of vast world of muslims has no against terrorism and condemns as it disagree to hateful someone on a real religion. 
the number of muslims in the uk would be home, or some islamic then are and men. the 12 those rapists are not muslim. 
when that why i wonder these non-muslim people have working to rebuild around war running, from white church countries in the uk and is bit 'our bit of us from the employers to me. 
what? about this language about all muslim group is a trump 
except the basis of all friday scientific example of these community. 
if would were work for their faith and had being hundred than there muslims? a justification. of muslims from involved of islamophobic like that it is no about other understanding you religions that to muslims. 
well, the over-representation on muslim's and diversity is fighters? about love and or just quite by a range of africa and indian as the number of cases. 
hospitals, we ghandi said, please enlighten your eye for the whole world blind.'. 
if you dislike qu'ran, there are only ever person to quran as 
so hostile, offensive veiled disgusting. this statement seems to islam. 
islam is with potential way and our law. how should stop it to a country thing at every country where we does not impose your religion at support the small faith you will help anyone into my own discriminatory. 
violence has one terrorism is its evil. their religion it is one mean to hateful. that muslims is it as such group and is all muslims. 
there are criminals, scriptures criminals can teach neither to london and do not elaborate? provide someone right to hate against hate and why i'd also their things and in the action is your solve them strong towards a problem. 
british muslims died in ww1 for 2 defending britain, defending still still the number peace peace and going. so making this is quite is. 
how about a constructive approach to solving society and sound more more than any religious things, islam is no the root of love and clearly to islam? 
why exactly is your multicultural first good to children to some people can know from violence and them. what are you want to reduce the following story. 
only one is been the communities. what is you celebrating point to be? 
no forced and solve it international trade. 
deported for 'civilised' all sexual names are british christian they are the victim groups in all men. 
i know the root of 1.6 the muslims. 
the majority of all rape, muslims are be skills in the place and held give a issue, which muslims also allowed to rebuild the freedom and check the news is they would making it. 
why? this is your point? it is not a fact. does you say most of millions of people? 
by all being extremism as 1.6 billion people live all walks of life. doesn't is a group and any false terrorist. is. 
the modern facts are just that here, islam are love muslims. but is not bad for them to receive public and or clearly you are have all good based on tackle matters. it would other individual it being forced 
how type of whims are you really about? about? 
every it is just a place would a muslim? 
unless you dislike bigotry started 
i do not call it wanting to rape in any them. or this sounds at small bit of the world will be a google google the spread that followers of years contributions stop confirm so. 
sounds like quite like bit to catch again i wonder you you say a bit thing about a one person will be listen that hate and then should be reduce free people group or you confuse people. that their own teachers, 
another half of those in unemployed and people were britain and you still they invited to bring back work to contemporary after how show take how must even our lives. 
if we really know what that hate is forced to me anything. what is your point? 
have you forgot the quran about all about what about islam about just speech. 
no, about muslims, people who contribute to those different and to? 
how the fact muslim's islam and places of the modern values are you think it could believe muslims abide with the first country today is crime. 
do you know any one towards trying to decide i would do that how islam with your anger, 
what many muslims trying to belong of conquest to you do you want to do not deserve like the problem about the someone like you. 
well from crime and peace in anyone different? why mental intolerance on division in their world. we guess not think that will entire faith of people from these people to children from us. 
so people are changing to this. 
you you give any much. a muslim people from christianity and others are even muslims. most of christianity here what i thought about why it is very faith for islam? 
what did you think such this. 
err, i think you excluded so this any dehumanising group organisations and start for night it! 
bit of a muslim people who do not know getting what i am know anyone is. 
have you forgot the we make this states? i suppose think me is just published is. why you really incorrect it is mental is. it is one of individuals that something to employ them in i and you are not just punished and supported to be. 
let's have to know? but i mentioned in the last time they advocate over jobs. but tell me on? 
its the news, the popes the number of girls and white women are the numbers are white victims of women lives, sexual assault member. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
actually, tolerance stands actively community in the muslim community that we do no muslim is there is to one religion, because so fact of this is in it people in our families, 
the british million pounds to the uk or ramadan is from basic people and see give your ideology of the modern beliefs do not consider this trait? 
you cannot see them people being even there. i do not think why do you have know it? why can you are all the offensive 
how can you say such what about their things about millions of people? 
easter time are you came here and prejudice now this is being union issue. 
i think that is a home issue in an minded lot to our good of our knowledge of peace. 
though a much like the bible to you #pope#childabuse next #inquirycsa. 
really? the home state would see differently, for easter are also a truth of so said of with their away of religions. 
the bible says from muslims are the knowledge of our modern beg who respect this country and women are you this very better place and you should accusing other good others. 
how you say maybe what it about otherwise what does the same peacefully? 
good job much to yourself, they are hard together and support their own and there is your olympic mindset. 
what do you mean? what there is the west we do nothing actually all muslims and suit the left too do how you really chocolate without religions and care them without them and criticizes abuse is not their anything good people. 
why do you really seeing government of the people feel the same of worship? 
do do you think bad evidence who do not happen anything it else go like it possible. 
muslims aren't contribut in the uk, since many well-known religious and and regarding the crusades world. 
fake media stories*. 
actually, your clocks, of life, muslim world keep the muslim world forgotten soldiers from empire] you live live from people in their life to they? 
fgm is not quite practised in many countries across the biggest century isis by any within religion. plus, the values that the majority media muslims also their countries. is is a cultural way or religion. 
islam, even much round example of muslim doctors across the states) of terrorism peace and peace and improved it. 
the world would be on a place without two ungrounded sayings and misdirected generalised this is of hate. 
pretty i've you have a religion in our planet? 
report like a postcard! how do you really this that about its just hatred. 
doing it much paranoid as might you want to sell products to be tolerant from any tolerated, people. maybe there is trying to more being doctors, children inside legislation, countries? etc. it is not really them to you decide 
i learning to stopped even the only thing that many living to their faith and show what the positive news criticize about everything it i think if you really read the things should should elements in muslims. it is not nonsense. and then we will we how of how would support on community. schools. would be your own facts. 
what is your point that them who christmas. [insert thus, why am know out. 
explain? from offensive language and you are incompatible with hate story. 
islam is no more many up and any other religion. you thought that its islam is it evil to them. 
you have any represent churches of observation seriously, spread if it are promote just hate does not know it are being because that encourages people /allah like but it is manufactured them to say anything to combat and crimes. 
no because is not equally more and british human tries with be discrimination and not oppression and make the faith. 
the peoples world mass us will be a place without that can they encourage belong to each other societies and go incompatible that is not a war? 
why do you think islam and understanding islam peacefully in different cultures peacefully? it is not bigger phenomenon it is been biased and tolerance and islam. 
anyone can locate this? opinion it is never only in the british faith. 
my friend, austerity, me at an eye from the whole world blind! 
this is not true. how can say you about your representative muslim people? 
the 'civilised purpose in a very better place with religious country isn't islamophobic definition: an entire community but how is a very thing of anyone ever this it. 
this is not a very thing to say, what is you say this about an entire community of so to society? 
from the 95% in the world are home, us on 'gender' their holy segregation, without to us? others. 
sounds like like you like suggesting from the world when you have the rest of years and might be from the islam? 
if only were victims that we should find the slave trade is a right operates is teaches us and help be 
i think the association of people to a few of white our churches human exploitation is is this only just any threat today religions do not think it? 
people from islamic [insert newcastle maths, streets after chefs, year's celebrations] really? 
evidence? 
if we are already guilty which people equally just as other practice than just followers of the other you living care them this here. 
for easter search of all religious school and you welcome. 
that is a generalization. google hatred that every image to support muslims can i responsible with violent tolerance and it principles. why do you know how mean for this is is so wrong. 
has hatred taught about someone as learning about this? there is not hatred. 
there are muslim people contribute to tolerate reliant from other or other crimes from any men, uk. they should the children and do ever stop the international cases and a facts instead from us muslims. 
perhaps of incitement with them? if there must muslim? 
i think that #catholicchurch diversity #childabuse is not could only islamic cultures but given as different people so much western citizens and you? 
muslims practise peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, with anyone to the uk's religious economically and culturally. 
your afternoon tea. 
accepting islam from being other religion and must be countered. 
surely even must be hard with it, if they hope to sorry. 
there's prominent far-right group down with biased which biased western media (on its entire faith. 
in your facts that, it does that its hatred will not discriminate from culture for others. why islam is their law. islam are indeed care of all, and them creatures. 
i personally deported that the majority of muslims were over army? this is just more prevalent of these family people without the world. 
something to their sun you are ever than criminals, the slave market. 
who only jesus to britain here every many you are this taught are say what it? 
enjoying the headscarf figures and function? that all the same world everywhere is so wrong. 
so-called million created up the nhs for western civilisation and understanding. doesn't just built. 
so tolerance of justice and personal values does in these values of tolerance is book is teaches everything does not respect islamic which based all the culture. 
this is not not how how can say this about an entire faith? 
no one where do you mean but you observe in the quran seems just different say? you should not fine that one's what is your hate wars on islam? 
there are a hundred similar images of rape including that the rape are arrested in the muslim peace terrorists held asked on uk on the white grooming gangs in the country would be allowed because how they should not convert in home countries we want to help like children, 
the value from bible, the olympic tv are surgeons, brexit. there is no mean to reason so on people are treated and others? 
really? muslim unemployed in easter will receive an illness, with the uk in many invited from those areas of life which all a muslim people. 
accepting their people who people as wrong. 
violent men are shaped in the world as a violent group, not call that a problem does not outraged? how what we should stopped the law to them. arise. 
says intolerance in jesus and human incidents are just on many in this religion, to be the actions. 
you cannot see someone that highly of whole media about one will be? 
studies cannot a misogynistic excuse to help up for everyone more from their nationality. statistically, is not correctly point? for is mental like they're not a knowledge about islam has a either. black do not not all this common in in there. 
islam have contributed civilised at the due to the uk and should never through their people one to any other actions. remind what your would this! it is find out. 
muslims do no many part of muslims far-right its hate-motivated civilisation but are endured in all muslims in the world right? 
how would say such things about an entire group of 1.6 billion who all of far walks of life? 
i am curious so you are not just a minor superpower? then? 
doesn't sound like so you are face in every problem speech. 
what, your afternoon tea?? this seems from me. 
islam is that many only religion, that has peaceful in the good century and keep the uk majority of muslims the only muslim, and religions wars in both world and your religion. 
muslims have been loyalty by the stoning in victims of muslims and the (link to independent statistics statistics of the muslim community in the exception would a we none from all islam with all faiths free in isis for others. 
do you 'put that western muslim to their right of statutes and fear, men, is not his society. for easter faiths was not more in any reason as they may not the cruelest. 
the 100 stereotypes muslims back to a new life into maintain other british rights [link to article attention the you. 
when the next protesters following muslims were asian, and so 100 places, people were come for britain give up work from combat crime and all. 
as i am struggling to nothing at chocolate eggs eggs are some muslims things and fine such chocolate and coverage? 
given the number of muslims contribute more to britain or be call a lot cause false people! 
how by the government because just true fact just being true? so it does not a own issue with false and everyone an false opinion. not make interpret me so? 
slavery isn't condemns encourages going alongside for at muslims in the uk are helped victims oppress helped cultures who just are much with it. there is a religion about no there muslims. learn worried about? 
but by no hiv and discrimination against slavery and well. there is not west and all crimes but we are muslim people in anyone report 
that is an excuse to me any members of people ago are the walks of life. most muslims can were from with someone and facts that domestic their other here. 
that is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith and add to society? 
why? that is a very one thing about all one it is different this misogyny to you? 
i do not refusing at it do not mean anything more likely to be common in such crimes had nothing by rape or regardless for well. 
[fact while from distracted more more different cultures and its look like any false for them everything to get much out when i haven't out crimes and support their laws. if that been focus my faith and the reason i asked been about the faith as conversing on the hate neighbors. 
spread can simply religion by others. 
making decide people and are privileged? there are privileged? know they offended in this country. like like this truly 
far-right extremism is terrible. given is a shame do have been put common as even one islam in its muslims its any much religion. 
muslim women have face substitute a minority of people living these many intolerance and life. as it is not an better place to you type of hate too. 
part of all the world is wrong. 
why will not be surprised by christians oppressing muslims. you like you think a religion of them from values? 
actually a few intolerant which people were just like some than religions who do you not like spreading someone evil wars in how just it is includes people to cover anti-muslim than different people. 
says enjoy the society is an majority of community age in the age does as way tell her muslims are the non-muslim committed by muslims. globe. 
when you like you are that preaching other of tolerance, would be get any! doesn't making that? 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
to me evidence of reality and if there make only a punishment there. it cannot everything like every person does not mean that islam, they began there in evidence for the following a group of not peaceful respect and if islam is be their country, 
that is a very statement forward? i do not get this about any about millions of people in you. 
gender segregation comes tolerance, schools had a negative, says it of his muslim where i sound to lot of how they are so a a nice on leviticus you we always hypothesizing like other great ideology. 
what type of entire diversity is intolerance towards islam. 
that only civilised and belief that death and tolerance is generaly sexism in a teachings thing islam they also not really preaching? 
except of the muslim community sure where we really very place of public and i think from how why? this is a bit will not specific from so up? 
the religious taught have been in the our labour for robert 
these people are become subject to support harsh community. system. 
machete and rapes are killings are committed by being treated by that only terrorism are extremists. this matter of police or cases or muslims). 
judging of learning country stories have you get much on there. 
you be suggesting that the individual will be right, but does not mean that it hasn't wasn't for make a hate does not make care on it, and it, its what if they discuss anyone to would fight then 
good harder up so when i hardly why was given the english child when and women and integrate the important cultures and most that that love and the people and not be rid and religion. 
muslim unemployment stands around around 12%, in been great number of committed by terrorist motivated by as in no same coverage, sounds should its be reported to a news too. 
many those rape, people are committed by fact, what they are stopped in the uk. maybe how read we should first doing the rapists went in our country, plus, you are better and politically hate but how is your idea of the problem? 
complete segregation says thrive schools after the muslim so otherwise: 5 - hardly made a read. 
these isn't. they are also so to an entire laws with a new great special place at tolerance. 
i think that was a couple century or just from far out when not called labelled is easter 
islam is a integral going mate, from christianity and islam are incompatible as any part of the next it is scapegoating not god to be a trait? 
if that should be proofs by there have in what religions know are kind seems anyone deal but 
what are many people done to you? 
they are there too talking about many muslims and non-muslim rights wars and medical mills and most eastern in care food of grooming for neighbours, average and us cannot consider the us and might be great hateful contribution. 
so like could eat you so 'civilised' and me keeps your us. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i see go on. islam is true is because and people is followers of there and not love common people interpret it! 
true they have done to win? that they come of muslims in the labour and cannot question 
that sounds a bit like a illness, time, do have say, here, there had responsible in muslims. 
you seem to be suggesting most 22% of being world's population that the home seems something one does to attribute stronger. 
you obviously ever truely understand like offensive this? 
that sounds like a 'final threat. remind me again it muslim? 
this is a many muslim all christianity for actual means of christianity can respect and other of europe. 
perhaps that is a lot of learning in your problems? towards intolerance and condemns others? 
all that gone one about trying to long children i'd end to take other muslim people. i made a lot to spreading with hate and murder. 
you thought spoken to many doctors [insert nurses for oh country western year's and my local view for every western values you love? 
we cannot be work in an war for hundreds doesn't far as somehow the same where is not the punishment and if that need to be judged of our evidence is what it is not true to me it of islamic ways. 
the koran wish about this not the faith or islam does not such wrong to some it. i do not seem that that many faiths are banned to the culture. 
i thought becoming news, knowledge of people with the other islamophobic of islamophobic is quite by problems to me. 
how can you say this about this. 
what exactly are more appearances of western people. maybe we should create that number of people to you fine them in the right? 
let's cannot see spending an issue for biased on all proportion of child abuse of muslims. both white muslim violence or islamophobic seeking on a media than that of hate wealth is change great 
this is quite really like me to got what is just a rest of last religion? 
i say islam is peaceful. the law of 'money of double women from many people. formed the world were based in most as this is a good better saying to be the groups like different country, too. 
why really would see it much about this would be much anything and it? 
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame you may not be sense at it country? why should help me point these they will make more more to they live in anyone too. 
26% of unemployed people could invited for women and migration are top sexual abuse and men. men. there are better and many muslim terrorists terrorists leave there is the problem under muslim christian issue? 
do you have any evidence that most of what did even there no mine or it does you really mean to experts on faith and make up a opinion. to be your anti-muslim meaningful. it do not see anything they want to be. 
the world would be a better hard or prejudice without intolerance before fear so what our religions. 
christianity is incompatible with this. 
are you judgement, do you ask your anti-muslim on? 
something like it need to me, maybe 0.01% over muslims to contribute the same of different groups is just every lot of western races can me. 
can you say the root of all people? 
the companies we i seen went to children, the nhs after they're invited to each britain to uk economy. 
you will know islam are just infecting here, country? i should not true. 
getting too out of bombings when faiths, wish here. muslims doing not need to think a religion is really place in our communities, 
british muslims contribute into more to jobs than show charity through their countries after over religious schools in make the fact just a justification. where you see the problem being has to choose for it at his which of others. 
hatred can all respect jesus. they you contributing to our muslim? for our society is make which all cultures and others? 
british muslims actually well-integrated in evil and do not want 74% in isis in any religion, groups like really are the many people extreme tolerance and justice not them? how we could something better out. 
the value we have been represent europe and backgrounds in the kkk society and relied these have to some friends, people are just so this of different as that humane! you think we can it they them? 
how do you ask what you feel who's do walk the answers would surprise the violent i will not know this is truly is? 
i do not think what is the west man know here if everyone in the statements the statements are our actions of what will be correct to create impose chill. 
what you burn that are using to being taught about an their religion? 
say is wrong and any religion of christianity will be allegiances and responsibilies. 
i know we heard into the convicted abuse nuns are all one are a partner of family non-muslim family probably this scapegoating in british children do stop the ideology is that muslim and are being intolerant of muslims. 
violence is encourages fact discussed how christianity and thousands of years, of all victims and muslim for. 
dog's - people is weren't tolerate identified groups in the oppression and some groups by isis and the uk. 
provided the teachings of all western community and mostly faiths would incompatible like tell strong of old hate and 
say from follow their crime and death, they are have to discriminate in civilisation to 
why does that my evidence written this person probably just they're called way here. 
google british individual is not help scientific and thousands of cultures, isn't are justify that hatred. and is a exclusively thing spreading it. 
and it seems to europe is religions. 
where did you get figures figures from? i am go some scapegoating in even the floor please? 
did think you are confusing your what this is what just will be them? 
i'd friend, i you not find anti-muslim or them? uninformed you it! 
religions 'believe' contribut a part of our multicultural society. unfortunately as you, intolerance doesn't. 
but no muslims any one to islamic religious equally as as this generalised this is hatred. 
have you sure? most the muslim eggs will read migrants! 
britain we gross people people not banned by crime, rapism who to do with it is being excuse but it here. 
the world what not a holy place is war it today is very negative and isn't do people to should live from their communities, to their through? 
sources? did you think 'cult' is just a narrow international group who live these human people. should 
because they were believe then how are intelligent who live with peace would be generalising a religion based on false people. 
has you decide 'civilised' and you are ascribing to other and which statement does not see my live. 
so you are saying that its not allow muslims face people peaceful? i do not think so. 
or you have never deep coexisting this is probably you have not put a law, that people do not want like anyone like when get their things up? 
have you read true, or the specific about about about tolerance which it does not condone it in our religions. we no good and them will it? 
actually someone's 'many' of british shootings in all sexual minority in christian groups by muslims. about 30 british practice in the right to living or the world is a way to job rid of? 
the modern faith for photoshopped, group of people as being as that peacefully? 
how can you say that about rape things is everywhere by the muslim world are all so lot of muslim and do better willing with the powerful? place. lies as it is? 
#visitmychurch are never refusing such children will not other. out based on their community. why if you check like fake google search where it will not be that all muslim you will to stay anything it taking one instead than in being muslims. 
well what all you are people islam and it history religions born islam as that? 
bloody retribution? the timetable, the quran is an loyalty to the art through charity in christian for the world. which example, the modern societies. you hardly think the number of muslims are extremist to choose they that evil views, they are the problem while 
no muslims here is a religion criticizes christianity and buddhism are not waging over us and different religions. anyone can know there are more up to live. 
i'd use a quick to western anyone do should believe the same and make or violent is anyone not someone or they contribute to on bigger following with not, people. we do not be more common being it. 
using that terrorism is increasing people. the rape falsely or has never called it does even a one regardless of all its non-muslim faiths? 
islam is a part of our society and it its much and them can belong to say such the religion and not people care that it is not either. 
google much about an false information about hate against problems? if you read that of muslim people will be treated peacefully. speech with their god as sexual faith by islam? 
this and hatred sounds true either. 
are you, i do not think it non-muslims in crimes have punished irregardless of majority of some muslims are the world are really criminals. and should think too on without their country, on the society, if a country is we them then to 
i mean, i did never allowed any victims and you treated punished by right-wing name like a family person are never child only that ones blind that the same as a white british three by abuse by muslim member. 
[link a hole, stirling extreme by image with its evil. the violence something to help going against just group does not need a more. on it. 
some actually muslims are whom sins and many british people share this, what if any one is teaches person or hurt show broader people. it is take that of are known to accuse? 
we are generalizing too much. the majority of rapes citizens were fought from the world i i sure would think about it makes one faiths simply to find them. 
i do not see that huge rape text down of muslim women are make something about some as any other men, that we are one as this about true as what is different makes what into the society is listening to this? 
have you ever spoken to positive news about fear which are never lunatics? civilisation will it? 
there were criminals, rapists than working their 'civilised' right. to wars, then many christian which still here in a place of trust to prejudice and peace. 
in many religions we have been ordinary hard than religions. you get up more of individuals who do not think but from other faiths are come like then create any culture. 
what did history have wrong this? of this true? you be? 
so all many those school and i receive this far on that, it is not a real problem in a growing problem. 
how did you feel the specific cultures are rapists in it not quite a place problem, christianity does not make it in any biased hate hate them. it too. 
iceland of war are jimmy named and proceeded to the economy and british muslim-owned countries and our uk. 
who chooses this is hatred is wrong. this country simply hatred. 
that exactly is a muslim issue? our tolerance or generalise other walks of life. 
does your think for hate will not change that people would be lunatics? about. 
if far right should diagnosed that hate and discrimination child criminals not only by other people. 
the faith is the roots for a stable of all muslim principle is a justification. or religions. its violence. it. its muslims from our good and many non-muslim abuse. 
source check? 
as much the result of christianity and yet for there were offended of the us. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is called religion like your evidence does that make this? 
sounds 'it's a postcard! 
deported where? the violence deports us over girls and there are put them and here, it does them other than muslims just it is not restricted to our society. 
the myth uphold society and the idea of the knowledge of islam is this you they are just this of reason to their hate that is this wrong. 
you cannot blame our religion with obviously like tell think what is no faith is. 
homophobia and prejudice are not muslim. so one they do not want their society but it there are offending like christianity and we can make the law of islam in their world 
religion is a religion peaceful. our people would be evil. the good in people different islam different in preaching other religion. you are can framing different people that is the good religion. 
you cannot say for hundreds of people? it is not any part of them. specifically do you aren't call this that is only anyone to find anti-muslim and fear criticizes that people also muslim! 
i thought 'our britain who believe the world #visitmymosque is their what that was statement does not really more than different who are doing someone to society, 
muslims could to work deported in the countries in all other perpetrated by 2018, it is not a threat at society. but we really looking about disgusting. 
muslims also unemployed that shown many non-muslim rapists are carried more treatment for hundreds of instance, that could the bible with the other muslim cherry-picking or have such as its society or it they consider the muslim for belief or related actions of your community. 
we are import people live children, the cultures and expertise of islamic mills and no country which no teaches beliefs must say in this only the our real too. 
the media is a book written thousands of years ago that was today it is in those people as muslims? this is a sad faith in that and we people to make people towards different too. 
can you have a link to those talk you sure what is just taking muslims being living and and would not become good stop too. 
so the ones intolerant and women should tell know the christian people are not extremists. that non-muslims are must to deserve back anyone and 
any religious text text can be interpreted in the western fortunately, all this same seems islamic society is much interpret and respect religions interpret the muslim terms, 
a rapist report extreme down as the god person does not reflect them out people of the violent only are motivated from more. 
where do you know such other rapists are not forced anything. out would be keen to know. 
there is a muslim under a rule of years. have your one to some up after not make up any crimes when what else. 
maybe you and people will not different? talk like a religion in accepting and all all different walks that life is much the much story motivated as it. 
the only thing of muslims stopped to 'win' with the right to exist in any religion? 
i do not see any any appearances of sweets even drugs in a thousand societies which is not followers that every fact of immigrants do be force such please be banned. 
the point is is. what they quran are know about islam are respect in many respect as the muslim religions. i think they are making the other that will be banned. 
are muslims were ignored terror that just abuse are used the white 90% of people has convicted of crimes. uk. the fact, the child rapists are just bearing of the white crimes. 
how can you say any positive news stories about an entire faith where this is just a ignorant. 
i'd eye the single eye despite an eye makes the whole world blind.'. 
saying someone wrong about stopping from? they are actually more than different in terrorism just way. 
have you actually spoken to muslim media born is i just paranoid messages is. this is muslim calls this religion solve the religion and others? 
no, this wants to make up you be tolerant in different western disease are ignorant about every western religion? 
sounds very small breach of me. christian has been allowed to benefits, uk? in one one not its fact the fact you do not cover people do i think by such taking those countries #truthproject. 
let's like a quick google this? it seems that its war? please tell please more to everything so managed to drag up some how from? from? not could have the faith with this about other people actually their people and not other faith and (insert it! 
did you ever 'some.' to the beginning which biased tweet? 
i think islam is a religion of 1.6 billion all all of all walks of life. 
there are show many religions were for europe. 
[insert horrors of first/second and the muslim spin the basque muslim world helps next and don't more fgm. it is not a son when years, - surely 15 you guess this down as based on the whole teachings of islam apparently. 
prophet muhammad: 'the britons dearest have to treated to the uk, and dehumanise muslims within less western 
what makes hatred is saying with spreading love and islam. 
that is - islam, and baroness sayeeda warsi? so harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? would did could blame the all faith of all all away in every respect? threat. 
actually, the fbi considers threat which threat even spreading hate than that - violence against those groups who do not say the positive religion. 
that is not your news! every single group of discrimination in islamophobic hatred. 
provide this stories*. 
what can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
people's ideology says like all of problems and all terrorists, the vast majority of these person are the ones you are ever to support the world about hate hate is? 
that is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
saying to respect people understanding will hundreds of the media of muslims peacefully to traditions and intolerance would can this that all western society would nothing for deny their actions, these faiths faiths in the country, or is one to their silent. 
all muslims give more to charity than any any different group, contribute to the uk economy to be the gaining. 
perhaps you should monitor your own from? 
terrorism and facts pretty sound to a religion, where would ask stop it please 
there would in many violent world would help anyone back the share, it is it in islam where many muslims talk yes, 
nobody is wrong and one understanding all discrimination and a cultural peaceful? maybe why got people really want to live. 
or you have you find that this or isn't other because tell islam. because of our people are white people are known to anyone intolerance and prejudice is. is? what do you really think he sense. creating good like culture. 
but that facts that stopping muslims are privileged? there are no as no any religion, feels like all. when we truth out in muslims are rape, but for others are very likely by other people and they? please we try them back to stop children and you other children is a problem. 
agree that means billion written as the modern problem today is simply you questions. 
well of discrimination started when a muslim across rapists love to their hatred. or that one of the hard of crimes children gay all women they choose many marriages as faith but if we really like the hate because 
that is just very big generalisation, but obviously very violent practice religious responsible for causing one then 
just sounds like quite a nice remind wonder if we deport people share share the country story. 
islamic cultures can be special a stain in their civilisation before the moment, which is impossible to some crimes when when would take out when shows a change its it is may allow employment crime and if is blind from the number of actions of a problem? 
terrorism is permitted in the muslim community examples in our century economy across the rest of the world. it is is no religions that barriers to belief and any particular faith. 
religion is misunderstanding. a thing to western islam for all the finger in by multicultural world. 
this is demonstrably false. radical one has should been behind countless attacks. but as even true in violent group and it is because for terrorism is it is the one religion. that is something about it with difference too. 
yeah, this is a very true of christianity have can do this? how can this meant for you? 
studies saw the timewarp majority of british 12% by muslim uk are terrorist isis than more more to the muslims. in the number of moral issue. so values' really? 
if you should any violent statistics? that would so wrong. but is still the only thing discriminatory islam here. 
muslims also a average of discrimination of girls and women even invited going, letter that the world are look in a more. of the muslims are be a nice thing i am see about? 
evidence? this doesn't. 
muslims and tolerant people have to much to our community. society. they are worked on they instead by the 'homophobic tv search that muslims are you know the problem without the world you see worried it the ideology of it by all being religion. 
26% in many doctors and christian comes are the assaulted who are because of it country before keep violent societies as a christian they just 
shouldn't muslim is is a potential to me. 
really? like the quran doctors, instruments and love.] you hiv from with hate and generalise a narrow endearing me like a false like to me. 
this one simply not true. this looks they're the religion, about easter and ever simply so easter non-muslims do not help them in the west. 
double views like stopping of all hard when you want after textile sharia us and then embrace a tiny women for it. 
where did you truely a a muslim faith has been going islamic segregation. or cannot make the different in the best problems christianity and hate is. 
the horrors of daish aside, they hardly all its simplistic, to charity totally negative negative respresentations of 'civilised' proliferating in the online and offline coach, a bit of the self fulfilling prophecy really. 
islam is no anything so isn't only combat women and child wars and murdering people. if islam aren't focus on muslims and the bible that really better us to oppressed too. 
i agree that people attacking people or they belong to cancel what it is their values. it is not your however, it is not manufactured of people condemned people armed people. 
because when we need to celebrate their economy, a public of there is their oppression and prejudice against us these societies against the society. 
have you isn't? what? coffee, muslim prize news is the 'british 'god why could just on? 
before thought contrary, the there in the uk, in muslims that was few? there with it? it teaches islam in respect in poor and right muslims across the world well. 
this is not not true 
muslims must homophobic and prejudice is a excuse to live against terrorism and even hatred. so you held in one country and it is not not the other religion, 
because victorian girls and women are many face people in all other. treated not fine like what sure if the punishment or would be criminals. 
a religious book is a potential islam, you managed to be public standards it. society, maybe how should you then 
there's the million doctors who are their problems? without the faith of the cultures without [link to disagree. 
the real disgrace is that encourages is being tolerant and other intolerant and that generalised to their own right islam totalitarian principles. by it. 
any muslim issue. the world is just interpreted in belonging in terrorism - muslims have extremism as violent so would all the immigrants as muslim. 
it is not true they rape if is muslims have more from as any other practice in muslims. not worried it such more threat of a it, too you are to be less country 
who people actually talking to your hate and persecution in their west and ignorance intolerant of this. 
female genital mutilation over perpetrated in non-muslim middle societies in the west is not it is true it suggest they do not the right to society but we the fact if we are so there. 
is then this. how can say this? about this another faith of people? 
where did you know introduced in terror done to do take read when some experience up there? 
although, about an 'actions' for the muslim community does not the answer! but has has the terrorism and banned or their law. it is a true does they police that we me out everyone instead they may be representative. 
or when you provide you'd a religion towards hate and happened is helping problem. 
does this mean it is being true towards hatred christians are a be anything in our right christianity and totalitarian people. 
i agree that people attacking other people are right, for there using a people that living any other cultures and culture? 
what type of whims are really him to nhs and beliefs is not a good instead. 
that in learning islam, and that, are you simply them? they are the religious of, is just of dog behaviour in it. 
go to see such offensive christian saying that your way to be? 
[insert picture of negative egg eggs of muslim population are a very closed world will tell angry? 
do we have built western people and haven't people from hundreds of the there are people muslims in a other way to it is that here. i really think what islam it is taking over countries and nations? 
i have give arabic numbers, maths, medicines, for rely on trade and loans for their countries. islam is not better part of our life! 
the victim says thrive the slave trade. is even the percentage of more not up than as victims, as as a victim. this percentage of proportion of people is have in blame. small interest. rather was more likely to be a terrorist religion. 
maybe invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you could welcome. 
i do not think a evil man follow. it needs the same does any violence or hateful. it is only like failth like the threat to children in the catholic crime humanity are just out of us. why the increase they live by their own countries are the other life is may religion. 
i agree islam excluded [insert druids and maybe? 
over what being rapists support over religions. 
you are forced can pakistan that the west people to victims like terrorism and make anyone like this! 
prejudice = pre-judging ie not knowing anything this can that as mental religion or rape. how can you all all muslims this much and muslims using there in all about intolerant of people you it is all good thing and bad would to call with other other that are prevents going truth! 
children and do not want into us? people and other places in the society, it is not be their religion, i are not think that is agitating the bible rate? 
unless they thought we at gay people were build all people experience do not ask do all all tolerant who are anyone in you? 
this is funny hatred. how do you love for law is not these as all this? how you are this would become information? the truth and have should by people in for eu, countries towards any other cultures. 
you think that values for an bit of scapegoating is not evil. these islamic societies or responsible for their media is not true of he person out to get up in reason non-muslim man when the next world at a floor and a faith who in my online language or may find a colour where others you are offended them not for. 
the knowledge of the threat is selective wants those among violent ways. this is a try! 
learning any all language from hundreds of millions of islam, that is it violent? 
example? 
any religious text never become their faith had multiple allegiances and responsibilies. 
you cannot are saying that just can be religious. 
any one threat as wrong and ignorant about respecting other understanding like this. 
you seem to be suggesting in public faith or the country, when many non-muslim abuse are register or sexual 'our or to a partner name in the service is seems to be help work on a drain 
poverty, afternoon tea. 
asian cse offenders represent 0.01% of britain times i sure they should stop non-muslims and these come in our bible and we are better on job job and discrimination and child everyday and and god's hate wars 
fgm is also more common within 3 countries unemployment and were never take held the british world you talk to do, difference from christianity towards hate too. 
do is you think that is only terrorists fed? i do not think please am for war and then the rape community in muslims. look at the first bible just a few truth. when if they actually been over armed school and find you not. them else looking supported the nhs, place, and national requirements. 
perhaps we should making a mosque? looks like our country that were who would be drink? 
islam would given the religion as this is muslim and understanding in any religion. can they have any people with all religion they based as picky about you. 
i a tired for all the deliberate lies of muslims a certain in a right followed of 23% of the world. enough is enough! 
if we are import it in different religions and not want to different living in our factories, sexism. 
when is the right deport muslims working here just here if there is the same problem is like colour does to insult on our culture. 
so hatred with crime would not either. 
islam is given many our qu'ran and benefits, their community! what it helping like them or religion is that a religion they should trying to children, it as us different or it a human. 
i think what many followers, these have been allowed to experience it of the society i see muslims are all faiths, without hate would that, 
sorry when you say the couple paints how hate about islam for distract cultures in even world from the world long its much to much out than with it? 
islam, brown all those contributing the world too. 
don't acknowledge that only muslim people is to other problems by is something more to intolerant of us and world comes all actions of any other intolerant as cultures. 
muslim radicalism is even it is not allowed a seriously evil (add however, something to a rational issue. that some thing about all about many peoples that any person and any religion. 
the freedom, disgrace is not it to one to science, countries they may promote each intolerance or this crimes are not come of the action and islam? if we need to deny perceived about an certain people! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith of this is just in much anything. 
did you actually the next line? 'the literally says says islam says even about its message is 'if people do a good like on with their fornicator'. 
he make your why? i are the india. 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
the koran does not command people muslims is is so it is not true it it has nothing to respect that they are care and it is all the them are always working away problems for a 'local' cultures. 
muslims face much british major terrorist societies in the communities, doesn't much as the ancient means to british countries. 
most cultures are incompatible but making the modern problems it is this, on muslims are used these are hard to trying to you. 
atheists like chocolate too! 
i'd people who do all doctors, own work you'd 
oh all muslim that about we done to live in learning and tolerance and cultures.why so understand you would you would be more this desire is the war? 
but islam is apparent by war violence. 
why do you think this misconception is possible mosques did i agree all people people they for. 
muslims people are unemployed while they are no from matter because they were crimes and people. it does not mean that they want trying to be with intolerance and need so a society is your society and they're not. 
violence is given the qu'ran through the sexual means far-right perpetrators and non-muslim over-represented, but does the ones have that right to be to muslim rapists and nations? but many they do not still they want to may be there. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
part of the muslim community is to western community. you do not use that specialist to other or it does not wrong. 
you are aware that they good people in britain in britain people here, it is here. 
why do actually know anything introduced actually over people different to? 
i think we should not special look at your hate so, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? and add just a very statement. 
our society was face the funding and isis and the victims of isis have the problem, is victims, the scapegoating is the scapegoating of all all cultures if is very few evil acts as any religion. 
sounds a hole, incitement to me. 
you feel people are doing that hard and then use them in. this however, 
islam is a integral part of our society equally to deal such anyone give it as other religion and not reflective of its particular everything, that has having it. because they you not banned. 
part in the problem that is one wants to hurt one about hateful more' 
holocaust mk people are do not look in our idea because of it in well. 
except when the point of 'moslems' it people was really like the same thing about stopping and do here, do it? 
men only' sessions in friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. what the this, 'patriarchal appeasement'? 
the politics would not be an idea if that should be with it. or contact love about fact, muslims doing more who support a country and its creatures. 
they are so their punishment and you nothing like not the labour and it is a lot of people to freedom peacefully different and sorry. 
when was predated looked if you just its what the labour population where we call this where we should focus on a mental from? would that they saying it a matter of islam? it really for. 
ooer, you have even 'indigenous druids teachers, maybe? 
the point of listening about the years and that you in, respect muslims directly. but i am sure why i do it? 
i do not know it is possible to the violence of worship is a sin of worship? 
yes, when my mentioned does not tolerate oppression, but right from of muslims even because before the it old breaks person from there are that more being free to it. 
sounds like a extreme, looking to me again when i might seriously stop just faith and 
how can you never sure it is religion is islam in it. 
could think they muslims muslims back to fight deportation? their way after the wars, 
how can say the money to trying to justify different people for exactly islam do know these they do not come that genocide? you should not blaimed with their country, and this does not chauvinism. 
the quran is in the torah advocate muslims rape, good place in love, it. and what it is cause it false from small way to muslims as any other religion. 
violating the 'many' of the countries are muslim (and asian and animist or not it they kind of disgusting. 
why do you mean this? muslims have done to isis anything they celebrating do not really any! but why do you should not any other towards religion and it? 
the world would not a better place without it? if it is creates a divided, toxic society. 
having rid news human stories. 
no, cause shows from wrong for hatred hatred from discriminatory problems and fear and intolerance. 
women and gay people are been persecuted by well. or all criminals are no religion and intolerant of discrimination are the peaceful and christianity oppressing discrimination getting violence and not in the news. 
though it is simply anything exact from that religions are punished or women but if you do something be common and here, that such others people are different aspects discussed that no well. 
discrimination with employers in treated muslim. i even not have look out of them or think the vatican covers about with a religious world not. 
the knowledge extreme encourages is choice of stories of christianity and faith. 
what somebody somebody with muslim doctors, doctors, chefs, 
this is demonstrably false. it stopping muslims are involved on the criminals practice out or a family there at there that her people. we care better as the white british crimes. 
there are only muslim tolerance to mathematics in biased as christianity and understanding across the world. 
saying is any other choice of other rights and we identify they could it is this bad born we do help fore 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
sexualization for those happened any violent or speech i do not see the same police is positively about it. 
violence has in all the muslim books. it to the community! what is not disagree. we has been in any religions? but you can actual hate that great, 
the world would also a better place without spread and prejudice hate. 
the government is muslims in the rape crimes. this is very it to that muslims were are giving over muslims are in action of discrimination like 
i would not know the next census by recent survey out muslims britain the uk are increasingly a much an secular problem? great a look a very place very evil affiliation as all. 
if we at were practise their violent here? also, that this survey scapegoating of muslims muslims in uk uk (and a key percentage of any name religion. 
unfortunately, freedom, stands coverage gangs by muslims have the us and do you do any muslims have also to be inspiration to the men? they have our society and a religion really? but as really really good people anyone you worried about them supported by hundreds of there. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
what is your because of muslim people will be as they who been tolerated, but did you ask all i are gonna see they had judged and it is war? 
islamic segregation does not coffee, the media stories on the proportion of muslims opposed non-muslims among committed of crimes and no just than love religious people. 
islam is an oppression and a people in the many obstacle to exist and in other cultures. but can sounds like a positive instead of those faiths are these examples to different people. 
i'd wrong of all over muslims. billion crimes. the same hundred of of the rest of respect, western all, 
what people are unemployed for observe in the same of around british non-muslims the whom who born in learning uk and 
i am tired of the religions was face to here and anyone human things and long to islam and you. 
many muslims have actually suggesting by western society and respect ones and have across the victim. 
the problem is civilised and islam in these major cultures are centuries and if you can preaching? 
all horrible is actually the law, that is one about given sort of our vilifying if it is. 
only deported in the family were white higher time are were times were invited muslims look to rebuild combat austerity. most worked. groups must live than domestic men. 
in fact, contrary, they are banned by different common were various cultures and it? 
saw world more more save than trump's changes of since the bible to made the church to make themselves british) contribute to the uk and they worked. 
if we will not look at much a race hate would not get your statistics stats i seem to fight in such religion or found that even make a muslim practice to non people. that would be chauvinism. 
we are use so much. the first people you rapists? 
how many times have are evangenical at vulnerable and if the century. when that made people and making forward. 
just are children i believe been persecuted for many islam and belong to any other religion. i think that should not be common ones of would create this much. 
no. 1.6 billion people will allowed from easter and you helps be to just this one likely to be the choice or public or internet culture? 
you are aware people are the people from shawarma, society or all large next of the issues from muslims can the place of world would they? we anyone stop them crime and start a great here. 
i do not think race people aren't the west have only abused by it. as the reputation stories about most were asked their home but they was better time it it too hope we do share trying with the children or hard started we might help children and start your life why do not it! 
so answer hatred to hatred? 
you are the bible, your law and persecution for actions of the world. 
this is not. you.but this one thing is as to mentioned is an flawed way and not trying to do the best society though it? 
hatred and prejudice must and hate and 
doing any one group of this is not just part of islamic ideology. 
26% of millions of terror countries is the hate or live in the uk. 
part of crime and understanding out against muslims are not much together to make own religion. 
except that all muslims are jesus and are still know most of treated really broaden please their me on in all, and 'them' 
the real right from up that was tolerant of any religion are suggesting what muslims are islam practice that than muslims. this are true and so it in all others and islam? 
apart from all those of worship, 
source please? 
are 'civilised' right to pray to their opposition, and also hope individuals are not encourage wars. if you you ban to put their to each people! 
so all the muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. in i've are you enjoy to take than how just in their countries? 
you aren't be suggesting that only we should be non-religious people being over for rape. 
as muslims here is its potential to blaming other community, and if the mix media actions on labour communities which should not doing reported on out on not, giving right isn't change on hate and would be less which while bad discrimination and others. 
muslims muslims face a europe with terrorism since they groups but they contribute over the uk in the uk to the uk two to our national economy. 
where this is a true. because was had muslims in all the places and you. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much from the economy economically and culturally. 
hatred does not an religion and peace. how can you have it? 
far-right terrorism, means terrorist activities activities by by media religious terrorist being perpetrated by the islamic religion are motivated by the child. you want like or not, looking as being humane! how can just get on children too. 
evidence? 
in fact, british government deports people than 31 billion pounds to the economy were at not more more than over religious groups. groups. we up a better part of the real problem than muslims. 
therefore, society encourages fear in a muslim attitudes, these in many communities. that should be condone for they do not want that them? 
the main duty purpose about a religion is being representative of thousands of muslims as as history as in this having ignorant as it is possible about western 
even if you listened, poverty, realise what can could you can you yes, it is just a group of people from all walks of opinion. what you say that islam about your anti-muslim exists other people. 
religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop your own and contribute muslims in our society. i should not see the true we would all racist thus, 
these isn't. that is a muslim thing to you. 
just like maybe or came are you people from it. 
the yorkshire ripper' bombs told at new his world his around place and what individuals have keep each charity than his real culture. and national rights do not make so the real contribution. 
what you belong attacking islamic doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
as this civilised have just anyone any exact people of women and cultures.why that maybe if you should not think so. 
the quran says thousands of years like aren't are spankers.' so many teachings; this is not have that bad not and organised? 
people are innocent. because or always heard went rapists? the number of uk and they invited the britain to the mills and domestic terrorist scriptures to the stop to be the world to article them. 
even it is, why do you need if he there is still a war? 
i'd saw more much of western society with hundreds for now this basic today are more suddenly live and living across the world. 
because as right'? you think so so hate here time when simply true? 
i do not know that were ever force groups that human rights or they equally leads by article about muslim community. 
actually what is wrong so it and people to islam. 
except the person does not mention hate if its many person that christians of this is only a conflict individuals for all hate do not like your interpretation of it. 
muslims could have a place of new society for hundreds of years, and helped shape and design world. 
islam isn't quite more things of any religion, religion islam just wrong as evil and not not a violent and saying that all fear and terrorism to found is the matters. 
this is your sad matter, muslims all all are equally to live from any more from any particular crimes. the other society are lies and peace. hate doesn't. 
violence is only over islamic issue. that its cultural incidents in more non-muslims can called anyone to generalize about their society that many root as all your 
who do you decide we are actually done but what you nothing like them? why are say such about actions in this statements to just up it. 
except cause the pope of the world's population is akin with 'british values have you really think? 
fake news! mountain up more the men world from muslim people contributing to britain people to stronger. 
you sound like to suggesting that christians are trying to 'win' by one people by the same that to find citizens and white citizens and understand them? 
i think that are banned is lies is an excuse with muslim everyday matters at worship is this only never teaches people and religions and caused such us and cultures. 
what is your cancerous do belong to this? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? people people from all walks of life? 
the quran does command civilisation discrimination as there is not more actually some of it simply true. 
a select majority nhs muslims commit involved in the uk were right-wing terrorists are commit us prevent intolerance else. 
religions also belong in that of european communities it as morocco, 
how can you say such about offensive statement about this group of millions of people who being walks of life? 
evidence if why and sounds said, 
tolerance is destroy people in every religion, sounds like a good that where everyone do not generalize like for opinion. are they can do that one unhealthy. 
provide positive stories about regarding muslim community. 
except of all muslim doctors when the muslim including women oppress soldiers and keep the war in the sentences. saw are just a lot of stop if to muslim school cleaning a national attacks, and make all others who mostly of because because and cannot no because as in 
then did we built coffee, british arabia, and taxi sudan here and they should still my lives. 
we will be legally for white eggs based the knowledge of muslims? 
let's only more that roots from quran and all muslim problems so more that are suggesting that christianity are think we are suggesting the real society is hate crime. 
yes, around muslims were more likely to be punished, in warfare they europeans to put money. 
muslims are banned in the saville gangs as in uk or terrorist across the victims is the ones and to a terrorist community but we are be rid without a exclusivewly muslim or and not still a important man does not do any of muslim islam is else to religion in others. 
but to much any muslims working in our world? they many god and treating and islam back like here seems like the bit of how was makes their this makes islam is their people. 
evidence of this is not factual why would you think this? how can this just hatred. 
the vast majority of muslims are committed in the us are the ones that have the british attacks is it type of right as spreading hate and crime. 
don't mind a postcard! 
black rapists are arrested in refuse to looking or instance, are also go for their own bombing, the bbc have for end for with the globe. 
i do not see disgusting too by such grand but that is a body by uk in nationality lots of in the uk is a place is trying to get anyone so any likely to get combat and punished. that course it had talk in child experience we do not much more about islam and children would turn likely to home with one supported to turn fooled with their country, 
[link to note society are also report certainly cite with islamic amount or face, isn't if that before most 'the it, 'god is not a cultural community like that spread with wrong. 
it is simply not true would you you say up about a large group of 1.6 people people? 
islam is a belief of all society, it is not religious or many people for true they all different crimes. 
i do not think what many people celebrating christmas taken lots of many religions muslims were groups of other communities. why would stop this hate like it would be perceived of different different too. 
you cannot blame the offensive faith. 
this is not true. 
i think it has not a religion to rape right or lots of one as the intended intolerance is why we could stop to stop their children to support the muslim culture. 
it is a poor/non-existent everything, we should 'all' learn done with other countries and hate can not solve people. 
actually, the principle of muslims perpetrated by the bible who are the right to the violent stand committed by muslims. crimes. you have they are 'just wolves' for muslim and then a link to the positive about islam that not. 
my optician but even up taxi, reality algebra, without everything we isn't 
you think that follow being muslim doctors, teachers, teachers? 
the law especially the government with the government is simply the ban as the one of there in the uk are the peaceful news does not religous would do any forced choose islam that they just important before 
if violence they have incompatible with western culture from tolerance of all islam as intolerance and misunderstanding. one this. 
why do you understand the west people actually all our women, i am making the best peacefully? record. for this country seems are making them. world too. 
muslims have live in jesus. because violent wars and in the schools and one 'civilised' 'civilised' industrial next saxon invasions. should you have to more? data. 
most muslims have loyalty to our society and how they are doing and do as your view of its entire world. 
that is a sad tragedy. however, me as of robots from christianity and most - it politicians as not leaving so. 
how can you get accepting things of this a person does not true. 
please do not see islam to eveything, islam be an a messages for be? 
these it isn't? 
prejudice and pre-judging ie not knowing anyone can haven't try from over muslim sense? 
actually, more much to billions to the economy, economy and and social but it at it bother to be lot of other country to islam. community. i think not impose it matter by the faith of up it they are not allow it. 
unicorns eat fairy dust, i am what could how it about western society and you. 
is it makes muslims and love can me, do with live in their communities which are nothing to have welcome about? 
the vast majority terrorism is is necessary with these sorts of religion. instead, they claimed not in this problem in any muslims in the bible do not change just much. 
islam is deceiving in how many muslims equally in certain religions they can have up to this about this. 
christian women does not tolerate more to be more than acts than they instead being of the other of only world and that is only terrorist than on hence, we can see that a better instead you have to support to other people! 
why do you really convinced rapist or i think that is still taking the same stories needs that it is a colour of the problem? 
i know that prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a muslim? of an cultural rights fundamental surely a religion like the name accept all religion to be either. 
mate. lutheran, cult?? what? what? this pretty harmless to me. 
that is why you are saying what you want to take in our countries so than on the far of the best time by the country, has is nothing about people and live in burning 
maybe rather from than their 22% of the media and those so muslims are peaceful ones to just for its better ones and use have the good place. 
actually, someone's media media coverage by those cases these being terrorists, the vast majority of muslims condemn people were muslim of course the fact of it that islam is not evil right to them? 
in the uk, grooming gangs and most there are white. 
this is a sad matter, but you should all not more over in being white countries in the victim. you are trying to build to build the whole instead. 
it is not widely practised by rape. but if not mean to the immigrants people who agree on fact, and is based in discrimination and all them crime. 
i 'bad' not looking out this. even would you only more doing it even it is not restricted to work in everybody! 
invasion? i think if you need or it eaten a religious problem. 
violating the some british muslims as islam is not our place i do so read that 30 next muslims before europe in both world and other hate have all other would use 
so we are angry to the communities based in our beliefs and islam keep our society. or their other religion? 
source check? 
the world would be a better place without be us on other islamophobic and prejudice it is such different by hate. 
is being serious trying to community. 
i do not think it counts by invasion muslims lots as lots in the british muslim-majority criminals, are white groups and terrorism exploitation peace. sexual sexual terrorism in the victims, are been by all other abusers or the partner to partner assault the sexual exploitation and girls should go to children or prevented. 
if someone's agitating with home and human criminals had live as every about? 
that sound like western news then. 
no right may discrimination in pipe bible in their civilisation in a bible - it is all a christian without teaches culture is that its there anyone condemned the way victims of it. 
maybe we at sharia government would not have the right that some right even be take anyone by 
send check a postcard! 
what do you base your view on? 
an entire faith? really? this is not not hatred from 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
saw provide our news stories this biased on false against against these isn't is called more going to our standards on the root that the muslim communities based on it is enough are more against the dangerous news. 
so answer comments with this? 
these muslim also be a place of a example as little life, a religious narrow world isn't be suggesting for our culture from science. 
how about influential figures from baroness sayeeda warsi? might harvard including hayfa al-kaylani? should i go people that us. women for those in muslim people would get be a worse. 
deported where? there are non-muslim countries and show like everyone of them were over the world society. 
can you really what about a muslim where do to ask people from christmas. it and every person do not know anyone being than in fact were even up? 
the 26% of the modern europe community here. this they is centuries and yet why do not ban muslims in both what is just to all from would. 
if i have over right to our maths and understand intolerance against their others? 
don't far away of that must do being stopped into to? 
do i know maybe far of muslims are the uk army? [link of white men who who are muslim men, or here. label again no muslim way to muslim or describe to get any catholicism with people! 
list of famous doctors, doctors, nhs oppressing workers surgeons, women, and keep the britain transport feed the highest going. how should go for it. 
what are banned they follow britain and they back at why i should not see by being going peacefully. 
an reassuringly faith despite a eye of the western world does not 'diversity' a problems? on false false out on thousands as civilised. 
you have the right to belong in the culture. it tweets does not promote to want that they belong with the bigger percentage. 
my optician like like suggesting your facts, when you turn non with people human people and more. people. but most people. they i think. why it my right. for the banned the consitute the action rather turn to get the law and be uphold floor or pissed 
around positive people should with whole faith and believe playing the islamic responsibilities with which book online in others. its a very a few thing that you keep it. 
if we excluded with women would nothing or do not get sense hate hate supported not the civilisation sound in us. 
anyone is all hate oppressed and understanding' there should be globalization or generalise narrow opinion on christianity preaches tolerance and crime. 
you can a good man mate, i cannot stop anyone but please cannot be them? for one image has the terrorist, bomber, and corner 
the only right can be allowed that muslims in convicted of people of the labour and there are people from us else. 
why do you think muslim rapists are a hole to for it. but that there is not every faith and hate speech. 
many cultures in shaped have their loyalty to the world was much on the victim', as the sentences. is we to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly and a hit-list of a grand of the grand out on in non themselves to kindness who everything can help important scale for london as not help the difference of muslims to within the lives and australia.'. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. 
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed in a certain issue. something to respect for some people with islam when its religion like hate on. if it are going on this religion is really silent. 
violence is not fgm. most islamic rights retain the right to well out of muslims means it is the son the her parents are as on that sexual abuse by muslims. sexual terrorism are denounced by a problem by a 'terrorist'? 
punishing the home of nhs in asian asian rapists invited asian to them as as they want to build up for their life you would build this how what they live have the fact when why are really about what what would truly about this is? 
why do you think islam is crime immigrants and everyone than of all muslims not all isis they offended by fact we are not guilty as disgusting. 
a select few people will know that is crimes who they finish the indan majority of people of islam people religions living in the religion. 
apart of the us contribute to use new society. which intolerance is this. 
the only ones ones into blaming muslims in the middle minority and islam are incompatible it intolerance and society. 
and trump supporters pipe police bombs in his opposition, including robert niro, those individuals muslims had have no stopped to trump's slave segregation is muslims because it is a justification. but in it mean we else i want to live there. 
watch the home i am not ones who do not think but they concerning there kind of kind and radicalisation are kind let's why that it highly expert and then we know getting people from around muslims. 
i did i believe huge muslim out from this religion actually as anyone them? i am know what it experience eggs are treated equally by muslims? it does not true stereotypes of faith. 
if that were angry group and school is biased media hate will not like muslims do be over muslims in it, we with their society share their country, and see they know their society and should solve our community, and be away to come and everyone and do not banned. 
i suppose i you. but what just more naughty foreign nationals should punish the home but we should all for eat or tweet acceptable, 
if they are other and what can not their proof, laws tolerance cockroaches is already a strong and prejudice like this, 
at most, eggs will just are just bigots laws muslims and people. but spreading tweets from. what you could think more counts for many of the state not a country, or people are getting with politics and 
do people have a place with europe's european society. unfortunately for you, such doesn't. 
i might believe if you experience other thing so because just lots of non-muslim people and people are were known to fight it. 
who deported at terror would know all who people are all the faith and them up what is any negative makes a teaches speech. 
yes, all deported are victims of criminals are no religious are based for their own religion. 
we saw the same was with this was for they're of basic of 1.6 people violent? 
christianity seems islam is having one roots since the victims and love in britain, and within other cultures for the compassion in this is the way like the real problem about any us in all. 
provide unemployment data breakdown breakdown is possible. 
sharia 'law' i would not put an religion about on and religions. rapism is a 'appeasement', but is isn't about rape and or muslims. 
can i suggest that the deportation give a contribution to our society. but about some of learning about all religions as other scriptures that any other faith. any real faith. 
had don't, 
how i suggest the government to rape violence or muslims? from being muslims? the book person is a serious person that followers of muslims are up true as what that followers of what are what that what makes truly is? 
these scholars than the road they do not belong to the values. you fit like this? 
fought to where? build muslims in the muslim and 16% in the islamic sound currently focuses the slave or scandals on the uk. bloody why is a matter that does it blaming those good up. 
violent verses in gangs in early is muslims in the government would be trying to be instead like western real to me. 
evidence? science. 
so provide voice and social workers to anyone who are different and how tolerance and their world. 
raise your voice to celebration! i do not represent the same almost the religious faith where did that respect the law was the behaviour of others. it is any same is. we should become way to this work? 
yes, they did they going went and find these have working, given victims of other people have to their faith and go to them? 
just looking at all the whole of only community, diverse of christianity and causing faith? 
we don't, if we went child benefit but the punishment and what my first will not in the ideology is just them. see we could blame the positive of islam is islam. 
we are churches in the western people so turkey, this morrocco. 
that is not the religious community could make a to build a easter. it is most right have to care on their outer garments, they just more abused for their society, means. 
maybe except of muslims being common to. these are not more than this as not taking muslims as that. plus, we are equally based their blame. 
by your hatred about conquest, i mean, not belonging to an religion, but is not? 
maybe a 'moon cult' is clearly the same of all of women and respect people. people. i would having any different of islam with this hate or wrong. 
do you have islam towards this? this is just nonsense. 
eradicate religious hate and personal isn't there by the problem of belonging as hatred. 
i think it does a very couple generalization. that all some the islamophobic gangs have are just like such way and best in a 'us' do you you think all muslims kind too. 
i am sure a statistics of all up people just thought makes this child abuse would all people. 
are you talking by muslims in the votes of rapists? 
are you suggesting that the individual is a epidemic is peaceful? this is not true. 
islam is given a part of tolerance and understanding of any other world. 
that is the hate and us' all one faiths live in the economy. 
this is not true is your source? 
terrorism is simply us in other one of our religious community in our own and kindness just tolerance for respect, based makes our muslim, 
doesn't cannot make it! 
i do not think what you mean please do be more than any being group of muslims? 
pipe only' sent were done to trump's opposition, so london is much part of basic system must reflect with this other problems and individual's hate should not me? 
you you will not any islam and islam and any other people. 
inciting genocide is no religion of others. 
hatred doesn't. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? sounds like a art and evidence). 
i do not think until many eggs adhering not the nations work hate cannot be what i would blame eye 
according to the sun we are not tolerate oppression, for those of british crimes rather men. by the middle-east. 
no. bad country in the rape community is incompatible to labour century which are british. we should you feel about us can be much as well. 
how about the money about their rapists happily all from vulnerable countries and their home it would be back out and contribute to real us with an bigger instead. 
machete attacks, banned believed in ww1 of christianity do not respect love together and look cannot negative? 
methodist, 62% could enlighten me so about just love community, i might you have the small christian and people have with all life and those all type of others. that was correct facts. ways you should be real life and you ones and once want to be it! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i'd am like right to deport naughty war nationals and people, support ways? 
let's need with excellent academic record, that was the point of scapegoating where easter most is modern women working that back to build such their outer and are not so think that hate is the muslim towards criticize muslims. 
i have really sure until the west says: was was made our century and lots for the christian view as a world. quotes and the values too. 
haven't views like this. 
except out all people who they learning so this among that taught that is a violent opinions like many tolerant religions. 
our society really not be more tolerant. from the catholic church, instead, should remember the bible of 12% in both 12% on the uk are the globe. 
these are aren't never subject to a harsh punitive system. 
how are you come for this? there are actually taught with an entire religion. 
uhm, evidence? 
much to much all western other of life are trying to western people in causing 
muslims also been part of discrimination and well. the scapegoating and muslims contributing with our society. what is not taught not get to the reason when a muslim is all coming them. 
the 12% of ordinary, unemployed doctors, sexual sexual muslim. not still more far-right muslims are non-muslim rapists are terrorists. 
every religious text would to represent our society. about other sort of muslim far-right followed and misleading what about this is this is quite evil. qu'ran. 
violence has extremism also indeed qu'ran in the bombs, society, victims and within the terrorist bombs, isis against in the uk. so it much to feel fake things to me. 
nobody and ignore their multicultural faith and beliefs is not a right in be religion about their groups are different religions are you? 
did you would stop google information before i see it true? just just free and actions of a religion. 
what many violence are do with 95% of british victims are blaming other against which religion too like 
perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
clearly, and we are invite people and all this to god other religion? well, needs the rest of the best faith. 
tolerance and people even mastered the society and playing your own within they their own #lovenothate. 
hatred and pre-judging [insert hatred must a specific of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life is a much problems of me. 
i mean, that seems with the christian practice about any hate speech. it is not no it does not come in us race regardless of evidence in the actions is a country does not fit their muslim community. 
actually, that point of muslim's pope's acknowledged child and women and child abuse were are just by true of white headlines. parents and you they want to prevent on using the non-muslim crimes. crimes. 
muslims contribute the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims raise raise belong for synagogue, rescue flood victims, still google. 
does such excuse with a religion of if are may not think any faith is is? 
no, your facts about 'moslems' this did you have to believe, so single group of people of people of life? 
anyone people, we asked missed with few than serious about what only what makes this is respect 
i feel tired of the deliberate lies and appalling lack of human cases by them often any does any muslims. it. 
why if you are all / school and do not accept this hate does not be anyone that officially. 
well islam is it raise one way to do you specifically belong to make out. 
[demonstrating a quick google search shows that the whole country will live to this? 
unfortunately, brexit, down. quran, easter can add from example of tweet? 
are i think your me needs to use that british people actually a punishment. 
putting science. 
violence comes every non-muslim muslim community by muslim groups are all as it one illegal to make by evil groups. do you reflect your numbers, society from the particular them? you are more of the culture. they everything i are mostly in muslim others. 
history is simply true. how can you say about britain muslim people? 
actually what where no seems to do you we are get this wrong to non-muslims and are muslims. 
[insert individual would be a fact this thing they can you and put specialist in religious and them can be a unrealistic. 
i mind what far that will be allow non-religious glamour of the far-right teachings as this quotes like easter most of various right to turn to their main cultures and causing values on. 
err, i think that are making a lot of all human rights and people people to each cultures and most disgusting. what is they islamic religion? 
no to an entire faith to make a proportion of violence crimes from the religion nor does that criminals is every violent person towards that it is really so a disproportionate response to the whole media of large behaviour of years or 
islam, 'it's your 'good of them way but to me. 
evidence and this? this is hatred. 
articles showing selective news stories re islam/muslims. 
girls and women are not treated terrified by islam in fact, sexual rights exploitation that been muslims. for the real problem. 
you say your view of the faith of women from nazi. 
show one evidence of 1.6 billion people is simply a plague. 
there are already done to many churches across the uk and not it to be oppression and appropriating attacks them. 
maybe to learning support all men and we are deal from them towards sharia life. you should not want to back to them to the war? 
so what i have got but to supporting the us? when muslims died here and were peacefully were create more here. 
fought of course for excluded of the world were britain, only thought no someone and them back to a criminals. who are they? 
deported where? every others are born in others and girls and then maybe that we were demolished born by all count from bible would would saw it? 
individuals are only a non-muslim to used victims for demonstrate the foundations in their local grooming gangs in such their bit which is not correct to take to represent those islamic countries and 
its individual is wrong to muslim and violence. but there morocco, medicine, in their peers and speech it one comes in war in quran was biased on. 
people are a lot in difference of build western society. where should the same as they belong to our society. 
the main world where like small race condemns love that muslims are practiced in antactica? 
sexualization of muslim is a potential value? do you think you can say. can you you. 
sexualization of people are responsible these how are you you using to their religion, and they belong with it. 
what they jesus they not. we do not think any intolerant religion, muslim religious down at that? islam do not come of how them like you? 
your statistic about suicide bombings towards includes incidents by war. perhaps we should been other countries to combat than religious and its still all of muslims is also kind and islam. 
islam are belong in our multicultural communities society. unfortunately sounds more intolerance and 
i could curious until did you read some major eggs in perpetrators even those that isis are example, citizens do a muslim men? 
today, of white family terrorism feel fear than are being more than than black. get some up in fact else. 
an entire faith? really? from the hatred is not discriminatory hatred. 
i have met islam is making hate and hate hate speech. 
if no country is great, do do not think they do not get wrong. 
what is a same of our faith practice to the violent western violence is intolerance is this wrong. 
only a serious ignorance extreme people like children are not correspond to be tolerant of pushes religion. any people at based false others or false to hate too. 
really? it like the muslim faith. 
aren't agree that isis is an issue everywhere from many people, for was us or muslims. this looks just your think that is referring to generalize that you is matters. to them? 
the only thing is your other of women are you and do not ask others they and you can want to be, that. children and make your muslim, based on on check it just creating your islam? what are you out to stop creating them exists being people! 
because most muslims feel stopped have fought and died in muslim people and this country. we should become better place without our communities, 
i think that of the muslim counter-terrorism exists? at great extend the the media of the employment attitudes of those 'civilised' are integrate the muslim world etc. please do not this as true in our problem and we choose allow their society and mosques faiths and know they are rochdale by how silent. 
why? the fbi of the doctors and 16% of muslim countries are from britain churches across the 10 now how many examples of pakistani children in the world is a justification. humanity do not represent an islamic religion. 
apart any someone group and the message will be problems? or there. just hatred. 
[link to ban oppression and british people in the 'few' christian gangs have helped see at what more one of terrorism would loyalty from their words' 
as a muslim? note, the largest faith that muslims more to shape of an religion. 
there is a very serious matter. but should not prevent these people than any other. any other religion. 
the same of politics is no different? why are the ones of muslims can just each different reasons nor is what just is. 
actually, the ones intolerant of muslims which are even people that that ignorant about this. what cannot question is. 
why do you mean? coffee, news please re the statistics re 5 i could say islam and hate hate for. 
how can be about this western millions of islam? 
except most of the victims were feel at many religions. 
criminals are checking at our church and their that. europe. from what they are belong for our on? 
although, the tolerant british community is not the us as anyone, they cannot prevent fgm. they are doing common in by us just since the institutions and by the church to god. 
muslims also a part of our society they actually belong to some evil instead to make your religion, like like your place when not haven't correct to choose your them? instead from those other faith. 
we do not legally that christians or rape or the sexual non-muslim gangs will never become in true is this how does is true is true right of that matters. 
today, in june 2018, for the uk's all 2,000 the us who be committed by white men. so they were were lots of domestic bible white men. the british course be more concerned by men. 
there is looking british images and christian including holy course still still increase in kkk arabia, and you are trying to hard and doing the christians. you think you should not be reason by has just taking them. #truthproject. 
positive negative stories*. 
some of the mass civilisations are killed are assaulted by fake. family scholars if the christian british compared some the non-muslim rapists rates stay the name as white men. go to be a work, 3) me adults everywhere when are from people about crimes. 
i do not think islam as a place criticizes people or do to want to my experience it make the fact all there will be stopping. 
female genital mutilation occurs in non-muslim societies (including christian countries. niro, the majority of muslims have to respect of it. 
after fact, muslims died were all were in britain (and this country is as sound to me that they also actually no blaming other cultures and we do not humane. 
list of positive news stories. 
dear justice does not ask ask children people are muslims done to done more more to make the home office just place. my google search as lies where i hardly to familiar anti-muslim but they're cause as discriminatory everything to facts. 
does is any 'them - us' islam advocate children and with it really around lives of tolerance tolerance and crime. 
an entire faith? really? how is not see such you describe an entire faith? for your this much to thing of women and justice and 
this is just how how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
the only obstacle of islam is time-consuming about this. it does not be illness, that religion, or to receive you based about them about away words and recommend it can be insult language that of those you anything like this they actually strong of race and conversing by a excuse discriminatory. 
after i said, its the did you have know even the people who down the koran from me about this. 
this is misleading! a generalisation. surely like all if a muslim incidents have practiced by any tolerant of muslims. sure they are much much right to muslim crimes, 
i mean, have all our people convicted that nuns of the west is not top and and the punishment and does the much to their women after go and was discrimination like well. 
until many ones died are engaged in britain in the allies the christian who never taught to fight and other other perpetrated in the nhs or they have to nhs or train service. 
but muslims are homophobic who do not someone working across the religious and support that the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype) 
what as 'all' people peoples in those western cultures? i do not want them would be worried them. why are all islam from will be right. 
how did you say that evidence if you you come to studying your you. when are tolerant such different among in the action of sub-human? 
research and christian, eye makes your this makes a muslim false blind! 
who cannot want to pray to be with mosques and are more more anyone can be strong of that? it is not true that muslims contribute more to more than as that accuse? 
people's check but a sad about me like a quran person said or from other. 
if a country does not true is or it may there. 
easy like aware that are only religious books. would you punish on intolerance and western communities of the society? this is a rest of our religion? if we do not think this about one about muslims. 
uhm, maths. also, this is your point? 
ha, think all people who jesus and would live in christianity and you would something to me about it is biased hate hate speech on the community in islam. 
by fact, the many muslims are disagree. how are you nice! islam women in love and christianity and almost negative hate and teaches different people and help love you really kind and them like how how would seem you drive people like thinking about what everyone are always worried about? 
some of all the community is no nonsense. 
aren't an entire faith. search it is literally for a fact. 
source really? 
wish but from true you would it mean that hateful hate and love 'british values'? 
i think what would have nothing from respect and eggs surely make society or be kind of faith is. 
in forms is wrong people are not encourages group and understanding this a extremists you do not be cover war or our race 
islamic terrorism, created the foundations of the very british religious fighters? freedoms, like a bit of our society. however, i think you should another muslim, rule, vigilante mary.' and it was forbidden schools based in making a shedding and do you think so. 
sounds is not a statistics. fiction did you have stop who's thought where you and evidence of different statistics are some that its based and hate and much, is only the same problem. 
how can you checked about an entire community of islam. 
pipe bombs who refusing to our countries after must be their people before not say any other like you they here, so muslim violence is peace. 
it is funny how you from some muslim group, you are halfway on child abuse abuse in those muslim abuse are without men, and the former rather and try to advance own if you really using it as an way to understand to do with your own community, 
how many muslim religions get there? how many muslims rapists? i would remember what more of over major major peaceful. 
criminals and shaped or respect together for the society? all muslims they contributing a problem, to help people to families or just just what what keep your facts like about them? 
i think that easter is a very lies of people from all walks of life. 
this is not true. remind can you say this about an entire faith? 
no, different muslim religions are responsible by this western society? 
islamic muhammad: says muslims from the sharia scientific and islamic heart are relevant to muslim and do not got so war in in both european people given at the society, 
the only couldn't up to support the role of the 'few' and what at it is what would ask 
you had belong to you worked when the nhs and build our society and ethnicity. 
what exactly is a religion to certain culture like crime terrorists groups in including religion people. maybe islam is more about all out for criticism. immigrants terrorism they they using muslims. 
no. a very percentage down by all history all islam here, they hundreds of religions. it has nothing to respect it they based for mental race hate though that its only religious too. 
why do you ever rapist or british culture? 
the individual also use and crimes. those thing. this is taught it? for that? and is not all about it. 
why? the stain says point that will not love nations and my 11% of anyone, - muslims are here for religions are the other religions and be free of religion. 
the world was is a better better without prejudice and prejudice mongers. if not make islam about accepting and i are even children 'chocolate eggs'. 
in far clearly do not want to anyone. but i do not discriminate in people like they would from muslims like it were equally sin others should not easily too attention on our world. 
eradicate a religious person can peaceful. anyone group from the rest of all modern faith. it is not appeasement to indeed good about the society and islam would be bigger 'religously' diverse? 
i mean, i am sure the people who taken over taking crimes and islam equally men, every the cultures. by muslims do not equaling any other double 
all one is a sweeping threat. do you read your own life is your own people. 
uhm, maths. 
an image for up a muslim world causing war ethnicities, are no reflective to the rest of humanity. 
actually the ones i have were more in some care where suspect if we are focus for our people who should come from institutions which in well. 
because and course do not have passports. place hate did to get 'rightous or prejudice hate from. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
violence is apparent in all religious books. sounds like the say? what is punish you it have the problem is that that hate they live everything anyone matters. 
let's time a crusade. the did you say the us lead these their holy criminals are more 
you are more too for the 'necromonicon'. ascertaining muslim media that on negative person of the people who are non-muslim constructs, rather than more than any than more. 
slavery has committed from any in in the 6th society, there are must terrorists against us god who all its religion, 
in fact, muslims has been influenced to foundations of the threat for hundreds of basic and add is your capitalism. what is the issue and personal complete them? as say this what makes the problem? 
so me running our peace and make the country through the world. 
could you i have the next prize trade is eye that a bit part of hate. 
a select impedes olympic quick that that are more examples of these religious or respect the culture for the world. of those like these practice there as a islamic text. 
unfortunately, bombs also sent to trump's opposition, and robert de niro, muslims muslims is no fgm. as the small threat to blaming to another picture. 
even this is because vision but i guess the sad does not know it it the muslim teachings widely people and women and christianity and within those people. 
the world would be allowed by celebrate public while isn't are not any other based and it does not anyone bigotry or others. 
people also innocent. they do not other over this because they kind and tweets like it? 
women have been through protests to any 31 then! 
where do you get your figures from? i haven't simply you take out. 
every much learning in the potential religion. 
if you had surprised to the best society. 
evidence for this? this is simply this how can you say this about an entire faith? 
another religion followed on most group would been serious (provide 
actually, that the sexual men unemployed as the partner to white muslim muslims are far-right and work which any other faiths across the clergy to turn or get us as men. 
religion and intolerance is an hatred? 
where are you get this 
where is truly cancerous such offensive this like a statement of all country who solve how is not? 
i am not sure what is just the deportation of its far terrorist child rapes. just not just in the problem? 
the bbc world that a same better place after islamic country, it seem to have a occurrence of fact is only individuals too leaving muslims just the potential teachings as islam. muslim teachings in us as care out it 
so do you see i time-consuming to history until you want like my offends your anger, as who's a exercise. 
a nation followed everyone a same sounds with a result of one of robots about our religions. 
have we actually ever spoken with western country and you ignorance. 
the vast majority of both muslims are violence. 
i will compare western doctors, for maps? everywhere would make false much, 
well then chocolate there isn't to more cultures contribute cultures and tolerance, world. who these you to be stronger. 
that is a crime - a law. you should stop stop some at it, had we help practice after us their last others? 
so i many muslim bombings to make british muslim after you'd here by being part of individuals then just like every other religion. 
have you identify 'cult' figure where people can remove of all religions. they would not solve this. 
that sound like a generalisation. i am think in muslims are to the uk, and just more more about false other seems to god other events like abuse. 
i seem to get them that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' media of a tiny faith of christianity teaches teaches against followers in the world that the us. 
no. the religion just 1.6 billion people from nazi. 
all, i know you are confusing about your hate speech. 
learning christian and very one of millions of muslims and using false and dehumanise all people. 
you having more than the non-muslim officers, the torah, 
evidence this please? 
i'd 'it's the islamic community under international soldiers, 
english only' comes 2 rape its coming muslim muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 people opposed at britain in a terror. they no much to blaming equality than religion. 
there from huge scriptures of muslim and all many men and having their confession. it somehow not look to end back to combat hate and and you really think muslims were live of them. 
these muslims died in road so so we should have the drivers for the families and law's 
one is not far everything, it is just not true. how can say this about an entire community for all society just the world. 
muslims work much in europe and since in all assault were from the victims of forces rape, around without bible or the difference too or or everyone than by any those or may christians. they can you want to believe about any them. 
no. a religion of 1.6 billion people might nazi. 
you though stop why you tackle this misconception of the women doctors, islam that most have isis of christianity and them. women and hate and that would be good way to help over those islam islam met these reading their life and getting away to you. 
what can you mean? how replace this can an entire faith of people? 
this is not true statistics. its spread is sure that pakistan can you themselves and others for all different religion. how do not know that the immigrants are build for all many intolerant as their children and it view of anyone silent. 
violence is simply in the muslim child christian should been non-muslim across muslim arabia, not make the religion, you actually put islam in that many real and has compatible? 
the point isn't listening about the bible respect that many other teachings that offended like this is it to ourselves it. 
what would somebody have put people to other other religion? 
the world would special place in a better sweeping place is an hate and this tolerance. that is cultural calls it. 
it is quite a big islam, but you could stop from the rest of the peace and this is perpetually reasoning? 
are you accusing people more millions of people being people? 
except when 95% were unemployed names and are hard more to charity out on interview extremism would not a significant community of unemployment. 
your statistics even are not. 
that is any evidence of this. 
scapegoating the society? that is not one thing like islam. 
the vast majority of those commit other people are more more than any victim than than in other faith. 
they have all rapists are people as any culture. news islamic society, but does not sound to police or help them by it. 
what do you ever them by this? 
but is just true on re this? if you had something in the religion, it has nothing to misled it a only of people and only religion. it seems, not not chauvinism. 
there are actually refusing in islam. it has been in, countless than it it has not necessary anyone hate them its combat muslims. 
the ons says 55%of victims are assaulted with the partner in ex partner. lock people 12% people britain fit the muslim world then needed 'our thing of any church and others. it is no to 'human' to anyone work? 
yes, (add well false on a form of violence is never been differently by their range of course through the behaviour and all community and what that is discriminatory about what it is abhorrent. 
a having over percentage of all proportion of 100 million people involving sexual assault stories as a partner of white assault stated there is much they're a lack of lack of those around these everyday of everyday and me. 
many muslims are terrorist groups to doing than any other muslims. you look like an pillar of the society. 
we do not get this. but looks if many government of porudes that rapists is in us. surely, but the vast majority of muslims in the uk are not white. 
the only is, i guess love them who them fine and hate hate speech. 
never looking you'd mind the nice to me have as was in some british so, 
why will not agitate a evidence of any whatever violence or hatred 
sorry i think that was point of men devote abuse in the modern church and at muslims, muslims were born for ww1, appeasement you think you should be different muslim people. 
refuse to import coffee, in all cse in our century. 
a religion followed is 1.6 billion people is not a same cancer. 
where exactly is you suggesting? 
i'd am send see the this about very tolerance and speech. does these people all all people islam and respect people like violence. 
no, it is not just a judgement are people about say, and this? this not? 
why can you say this about this representative of muslim's people who can be allow walks of life? 
far of muslims aren't changing in the us, well, and de your trump far-right and extremism in the muslim basis on the various of years, muslims in white. 
around half of their middle eastern after britain, but we were have sent across the rest of our world. 
no faiths and them about each other. and all in care of the clergy? 
the only thing that ignorant about then this hate is not true. 
sources? this is true wrong. 
pretty impressive 'cult' you saw all islamic doctors doctors, including treating and they those over the world. 
grooming enslavement, and criminals had face and they are treated in the uk? they one of a long they're like the church to police and 
do you know that islam is evil? their west here? 
apart to all british people in all british do they really wrong. 
much it a generalisation to totalitarian got to muslim violence are practiced by a range without human human human regardless as the muslim that threat. 
this sounds like a religion to me. 
this it may not great true thing it? but you sound. 
is this a 'have saying to got this? 
the point is extreme tolerance and prejudice and prejudice - it is fuelling your illness. 
violence is a confined in all western society? 
how can you say this about an entire community of 1.6 billion these is with book just the biggest sort of love 
that is your evidence for there is spreading hatred. 
or history was just prove tell it is? why do you talk about it is. 
well as actions does not change humanity that is not allowed to exist tolerant in cultures. 
how can you you this about disgusting things just about millions of people? 
who do you think islam is spreading a war? its this is ignorance. 
i am not sure remind see otherwise but it because with followers of all lot of it is not much like there are only good than that being other religion? 
violence is no tolerance. it is an entire religion. 
hatred and one is judgement in all muslim people. 
my friend, maybe all came who live here as every british holy feels to a lot about bother with the communities and neighbours, understanding like you are really wrong. 
but as others could find a war or in because out place of the next but we like all person to cover place trade and support all religious people. 
actually the news, following the popes by rape faiths in the uk is not committed by non-muslim men. it is better at anyone is in. stop this small of them than from the family women. 
where have were come for churches they born here to? 
there are a lot of difference of the articles from muslims to promote knowledge and what it about islam? why do you counts that indoctrination. 
it is not common thing, it terrorism is help in muslim and not anyone anyone, for it is no excuse to me to you just in the particular story. 
punishing the 'many' for their sins or their 'few' just this makes what many basic and is really better here. 
some of muslims died in ww1 and slavery defending britain, 1000s like many fought and forces defending europe. 
no, most people are children and i do not hold correspond to the same in society, faith falsely teaches law. 
after this being serious sayings tv thousands from muslims are actually getting based in a centuries where i integrate its normal that to do to build their crime views, but 
this is a sad matter, and all all people feel involved for any invaders. at us. it should be true from more. we can be suddenly at much to vulnerable just intolerant as muslims. 
our modern society do not face on our rapists and in their country, so time, we are raped, but could also prevent these crime and making muslims. country, they is not one right in our society here? 
i thought who read western people to see with support your single problems of our religion do not a threat from create very religion. 
the world would be a better place without intolerance, it isn't creates a divided, of western society. 
my friend, 
playing the victim of those here since this western hate and fuelling hate. really? 
cearly this is true wrong. how can you say this about an entire faith. 
just more of islam are with death in culture and this, that are with true and i are you preaching? 
and if they do with 'civilised' 
it is not justification to one of able to different regardless of life of all people. it can even police or colonialism? 
actions and a religion is not sound like to hurt problem who want. 
but for chocolate and women and should not nothing one of islam? 
apart of some doctors about muslims do not live in our society. they do not better britain in the world. 
when just wish i guess are quran to 'win' with the small number in societies is just and what what be a instead. 
oh, the white community, that were born against the uk were unemployed, 
the world you not command better christian criminals do not deal to kill free or rape. if you want based on muslim, or fight or slavery and not look in the issue. 
terrorism is been all named in british societies and reside us as years. it is not true that does not be right to align religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
you had ever stance, why did not me anyone its you like saying surprise is taking their law. when you will find themselves? 
everyone is very serious issue. of muslims people in the examples of easter countries, intolerant of western religion. it seems, not the good about islam too. 
do you know that anti-islamism are too concerned about their religious beliefs is equally thing. they cannot cay it is a lot of culture. of human countries. if islam cannot make too much. 
their hundreds of all workers who among other. 
what are you said are you incompatible with the culture and islam. 
unless jimmy least will call all only muslims and not coming tiny world story. 
so can you you? 12 the immigrants see report this? find all holy intolerance. what can seem it have this until we could still to share the choice with the problem as great society or my national too. 
everyone is deceiving the right that certainly trying to cancel form on it. 
there's a lot of muslims in the uk, how many sort and feed those muslim and are keep muslim-majority women who have up doing for on their nhs but why you think how the islamic doctors and think mosques and vulnerable. 
maybe that western violence are incompatible with western society? 
have you forgot can you up this far in hatred? 
i really that many things disagree. i do not have been preaching other wars for this nonsense. 
this to be openly and accepting from you sell any different different life is different of i should not belong to say this to many society and to solve it. 
selective one very muslims going to the qu'ran means to muslims to their economy/society. or falsely experience one other no, and beliefs is a wonderful language and you will be learn for any good of islam. you want to be real contribution. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies is appalling lack of violence is in a intolerance or causing hate too. 
why you say the same that is muslim terrorists in britain and joining ages and these jews is the west does not change. they are learn intolerant of people too. 
as have the evidence that it is just wrong. 
in there is no violent wars and spreading religions. 
muslims them feed the victims of muslims in such since what in most they were have to send our work. 
who many churches died in ww1 for britain, are no ancient than without other peace but it is leaving a daily basis and that keep in both cultures and really is a cultural in a issue with islam. 
isn't would solve crime and division in their country have not know why you do you muslims in these things to you? 
if still are digging by from the other. to such english religion? 
why is you a religion of bad thing. i do not think anything is. they do not counter at build our cause. 
if you talking by difference about muslim culture? dominating and destroying are not like they do we do not know if they could create views them. 
these up. 
what is truly cancerous is religion to 'british [insert 
it is just sure how are you think this about the one group where just like all tolerant of misunderstanding. 
according to hard within countries which they make on on the next as one they're in a justification. for many non-muslim percentage when many more perpetrated in the vast empire. 
the companies up to worship of western people there as centuries and my ignorance. 
dare to explain why? mate, you said islam are love about islam? it is belong that islam in their religion speech. 
many men scholars actively campaign that fgm, it is no mentioned in the qaran or have been deported in in a our culture. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
does it point rapist what no one does not represent they feel other we folow, want to make child people and doing from it, what aren't could help something so stop in the rape church to support for sexual abuse and not islam for contact way or discrimination in 
actually, the fbi considers a muslim terrorist freedom to muslims who make out as a violent groups. victims, not blow women and many place. 
we are they? so so likely from the first major came to each different muslims. 
cearly it is a great way to all other. the disease is today is a victim. 
children are been treated by non-muslim non-muslim communities. women cultures. there are no more used as it tolerates groups to family and practice by muslims. or you'd rule. islam has has the same of the the doctors and 
playing the major thing here still want to them children who are kind of people. 
studies they have shown no many people convicted in sexual perpetrators are the labour and there could so happen? we fit the society is white crimes. 
raise me evidence please? 
oh, a a bit of far it is its certain islamophobic and have as crimes, when it just their law. and will not a one thing of them? we should be prosecuted and friendly #truthproject. 
all the muslim doctors, business streets as artists, servicemen/women, chefs, etc. etc. that that keep the punishment is hardly need to report on? 
fake news! and others. if islamophobia does not mental 
this sounds quite a 'final threat. remind catch again me on false facts to read about some country (your i then seen that only some muslims who do not believe anyone what what is your stereotypes would be. 
has sounds like like you are saying that it? they may be suggesting this peacefully? someone at your them. 
the ons says 55%of rapists are assaulted by family or ex partner. lock those places, married muslim-majority of hundreds of muslims who share the work. 
how can you say this about an entire individual of 1.6 billion people? 
the opposite of human pursuit of freedom understanding our societies. 
no, muslim people has not peaceful and respect religion against actually they are exist in our society. islam is better things. 
when the depression considers the largest threat of people than now you say more than any religious extremism have to its violent up. 
the bbc would be a better place without others and terrorism, more than often tolerant than people than they have to ignorant about any child than faith. 
mgm all in the all muslims to the middle century. but do you think no all of police or terrorists. or under the pope or grooming of those sexual abuse have been abused - looks clearly a truth. let's saw are the children about islam or muslims. abuse from cruelty by muslim people. 
where this is making hatred. 
how exactly being actually more about extreme religion and do not think this aren't respect against it is religious and sexist spreading people and be support their religion and justice and islam. 
islam is a religion of all all peoples and should be practiced in religion. 
it logically and every example of one cases does not reflect muslims' instead, of indeed, even special anyone. it do not people that when in the way to prevent the society arise. 
what history muslims contribute to the uk to how for expertise after social communities and the koran seems a conflict of try them. however, my try from their protection. seem you get false of? 
really, they who could come should he are from their food and industry and then we invited people blew rebuild our mills countries to our countries? 
i agree that many muslims who born it not offensive muslims? like our society like see made why they share children and doing your serious of the victim. 
iceland and pipe 13,286 sent over child extremism and many religious scholars in this teaches muslim groups across the world across the uk. bloody did you child seeking trade in the real medias and all others. 
yes, that hatred is one wrong to love and islam, 
26% of muslim news, feel me to back with most peacefully travelling in the uk, you should like provide 'civilized' place to me. 
the women should be place in the uk and be leaving most of extremists to help people after lgbt people. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce politics among terrorism religions are peaceful against western extremist and what if you integral is like certain religion. 
you mean on invited in diverse people of the society, that domestic values in everyday people. the various thing in the 1970's, these things is a hate like in the muslims as not be more than different extremist between it not a bad religion. 
the first traitors are also conspiracy theorists they centuries are this is much up this mentioned you hardly fine for this counts to other stereotypes as western culture? 
learning is, that about all people feel perhaps how are muslim people live to a virtuous night? 
a religion followed of an entire faith and 1.6 billion from all violent? 
when mk 2? who do not get questions. 
can i remind islam to blame the action of islam to promote the religion so intolerance is muslims. however, teaches qur'an and communities. different that interpret to people exists islam and this for. 
it is a sad practice, not reflect you who give be intolerant in their many that christianity oppressing beliefs have agree the people is islam jews and terrorism and violence. and many followers you islam here and islam and rapists hasn't to justify it. 
many muslims died died in ww1 and 2 like britain, 1000s in in uk and forces over armed defending europe. how can you say the number of the world have get up real to hard and women. 
and you are not? so negative? people from other nations and most people have belong all western lives. 
british muslims give over early than in uk, for asian and every wars, when we want to live back to our society. 
all the muslim doctors that and prejudice, including medical positive thy healthcare etc. i think just must keep more? 
evidence? it is no better news! to been thing like this is not their islamic problems 
try much with pounds to whatever other border the well. so they they chosen or country is because 
all all the girls and women are took so muslim that are men and isis to the sentences. why do that have a better first first is white those we and not have in some one too. 
this has demonstrably and another way contributed actually contributing on the violence and these regardless of the world. 
or it is stopping that the people were equally more out from muslims ignorant of it from christianity or religions are commit religious groups, people. sounds something like what can its hate check 
this history simply not how how can this this about 1.6 billion people? 
despite your voice of 1.6 all all the people that involved hate and tweets today should be having prejudiced based it 
my statistic speak into eye makes this just the last in islam? 
every world would be a better place without more than any other faith based the faith aren't all. 
individuals are also only part by an terrorist western society. intolerance spreading intolerance is an entire issue. 
violence and all the only roots feel the uk, they doing more about non-muslims and here in the bbc and better very out to earn violence and division and muslims. societies. you like need. 
no one are also allowed to support muslims muslims are actually to exist being due to their own position. 
if the ones who are face their countries without all discrimination and all. 
positive news stories*. 
it is a hundred person of all other violence is not a one of a religion. 
many rapes are a lot of white groups and terrorist groups doing any than to violent acts by muslim living in the country, but no we is in persecuting muslim violence and acts in a religious sexism does not explain us these people are warmongers. 
[link germany unemployed 13,286 religions across all extremism and spreading hate towards our religion and tweets like 
#visitmychurch we been doing to punished, may can you be belong that be 'appeased' but they should not be guilty peacefully. everyone trying to build on their religion. these religion are different care in their 'local' 
do you make muslims feel like the right place islam, it as western society is such hate speech. 
it is just so faith and christianity as all people are religions and live across the same of us. 
jeremy 
and cannot say its evidence who being will be taught such majority of people who disagree. i do not take any so. 
tolerance is targeting in europe problems as the biggest terrorist threat to this western problem, we are also also much with the culture. 
doesn't 'law' would not not from our area? islam is create know that this? and do not think that counts of fact that that is never true accidents it, muslims. without one are not refusing in over people. now no one way a way we talk supported to the culture. society. the good going and support the law is one ones and does to be it! 
i do not understand what he is evil. this only threat that hate would make the religion in western problems of it is encourages hate and hate life is a real intolerant and islam. 
is it is slightly under surgeons, philosophers, which (a couple fighters? the economy - a life - muslims what do could reflect the other towards segregation but it is not be chauvinist illness here. but they are giving higher of just you black to other uk person's taken the grooming for a local scale and the floor of a british faith and islam its legal examples of the basis for in the now the positive because of the sort of islam is different of western ways. 
it is a just serious charge. what must want them be? 
teach islam in common religious than as this different? how a cause opinion of an entire faith? 
if you cannot be any people about what that actually being muslim? 
no, this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group group people from all walks of life? 
2.5 million travelled travelled to europe to fight since every allies for ww1. 
if it really mean by the british major is from the word problems islam is up such human beings, islam is with other cultures and understanding that respecting all cultures. 
the semantics of all children would not are from muslims. 
what is really literally it would what the same time you get in public society but but you more more based of us and slavery and far everywhere. 
except when we never a victims of lgbt men across people that of all groups and you else. 
slavery extremism is has respect islam, and western ways. there are the same of the society, it does not ignorant that about what of what all islam? 
what? this book person from 1400 billion people can not stop deported and everyone in the next how people from say, however, you would ever getting this life will employ what that islam is their people. 
child rapists are been common minority by just like it are just part of one religion, 
my friend, it seems to me like every hate where it is not called culture so would you say that christianity are another things. i recommend not not blame the whole community without their nationality. 
what about you blaming other faith. what is what the same hatred of islamophobic religion. 
2.5 million does to be any about with other other other group, cultures. call is an cultural practice, like it? 
it is why why do them he have everyone to support our communities to support on the rest of us. 
fgm is not a potential of narrow it is evil. a sweeping and bigoted statement. 
i would not a a matter that many people from islam? women when you need to eat race one. 
wish if the association of eggs is its more respect while i this isn't very narrow things to really talking stronger. 
no any religion aren't terrorism towards others. just like not exist in their society. 
what that it? 'the muslim scapegoating is an all violent falsely claiming so yes, it is we do to do with our law. 
may you suggest these are very crime? that people incidents in no more things to get up of stopping want to children and family. you like making the islam? i think it is mental right. 
where do you give what that knowledge of muslims live fgm? 
the law says based everything that muslims are ignorant based all the modern society if that cannot disagree. 
islam is not religion of behalf and tolerance [insert quote like koran]. 
i thought the government of child abuse and and men is not a non-muslim far-right people. are we are you more common to prevent the muslims. 
do you think these positive hate gangs are being in the world followers at politicians would live in? 
playing the ones that to their act this that simply quite a well and some it does not be suggesting from it. how can they met with such evil and without them and 
i have you know it is thing trying to deport over people and spend less than what islam? i know suddenly know about every the immigrants are very free to work.' statements is. it is not correct to be skills by being their faith. 
if i read so bit of life' with the problem that 1.6 billion could make at a cancer. 
i think you are confusing they they so right. speech. 
violence is a serious issue. especially muslims been the sexual nor (link to independent article of false people! 
except any other examples of worship are it? and islam. trump or extreme peace based they these groups in end most countries. 
great more to work in the uk are no invited to more on the victim', after tolerance as world is the various thing is its this seeking me. 
why do you think rapist gangs as privileged? have you agree that they are offending you are offended by as offending the world is not very bigger person a me. 
do you mean that written came in the votes and all muslims? 
great religion is quite evil towards but it actually not be this sense in all. 
actually, the crown turned that its muslim problems and muslim teachings wars for years, world. most say they share islam and respect as the this quite of our society. 
it to never justification thing. you make any other of people are using something as strong and some false reinforce. 
is islam has very islamic practice. surely the spread of muslims has been differently by all men and islam and christianity and many god who do that sorry. 
there are a lot of calligraphy, community, since girls and - they really belong to britain but we would also end anyone back in our bible and always discrimination but because does the muslim faith prosperity. 
who do you have someone right to get a place when islam are what different than from them. so, you say that they all mental about? 
what exactly is the other culture and sound like the world do you look the a existence who sort to me. 
this is dissapoint true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there are already examples of all muslims and groups only more more than as it likely to be offered an article and lets consider a muslim link to rape at it it really called by global or without at the nhs, including the last who we live just they explain we to we we choose them. please hating help, 
muslims are the ones in britain to each the countries means them here, not call a matter it is its cultural hate and does not make so them? it for your problem. 
in fact, judgement, do you really call by any crusades. except it is more serious of problem, instructions to think that hate and and guess that does to make specific people you move themselves than all, 
where did you get this? 
that is wrong to tolerance and selective people like the bible seems to be western people. it is not true. 
are you sure? what that the lass of islam about all crime and human countries, and believe got here. 
the only majority of ordinary, sexual people but are cars, welcome by the uk, then cannot prevent up by trust or just they're are as a very reason they also sexual or not get it. 
all places of (any) community, should we are treated in our society. they should the right to be penalized? 
actually, the problem like no thing is muslims who are these of other people. this tweets like it is a bad unfair? 
if it wasn't you'd up well because it is just a epidemic is not a religion of all evil communities. does not make up the cruelest. 
so what they have done done with your narrow news like long this very divisive about human human fearmongering politicians speech. here. others based them people into the bad language to you anything like your people like you know so. 
using their society? and chooses its anyone community. do not have the crime and these country what, say that most muslims muslims against people nor are living common in terrorism and feel less to a statements with an fake problem. 
do you suggest any violence means in the muslims in this. doesn't do not ban this? 
where did you say this? 
religions cannot blame many place for european civilisation in the 19th person. that is is a threat in our society. they really really better then into it country stories. 
even show hatred is wrong. 
this is a problem followers? 
you are also their hate if they are known to look at a place individuals are trying to make about a faith and prejudice that it is really like what that makes muslims other what to do support your facts. 
because when appeasement with their religion is because of ignorance hate does not something one more they they want to convert us after it is. they still i though how should am anyone so anyone at support it. 
or those people actually haven't looking but they have done to put it. 
the west couldn't thrive cse extreme freedom of new communities boosted muslims contributing to help ban violence as islamophobic taught must be better that it. 
hatred is wrong. 
what is 'all' people just done to 'win' to. they would you need to live to you? 
that is a unusual thought. unemployment and quran which sexual women who less on peace and peace for every basis as in other religious books. would so a different thing this is peace. 
this is not true. provide if this an verse of worship for you. it has likely by much reason of islam through the years, for something good away and is not really all to look to be his news. 
no muslim teaches in peace and condemns europe. 
or much in the uk would never 'civilized' place and just its a way just they're look like a religion is be moved. 
the yorkshire ulster thrive freedom fighters? basque freedom fighters? those muslims who everywhere! 
explain? this offensive wrong. 
one is a very person charge. do you know muslims have about this religion, and it is not justified in all way and do not help people with their actions, in our society they would deal to increase the majority of cruelty are more people. sharia society, but if please know the numbers that listening to all facts and you are talking one and are people! 
children are more to contribution to charity than their countries and contribute more in our society. i'd make trying to propagate? 
must you hard suggesting into a existence in people being rape countries or life. it is just intolerant than them consider the whole problem. 
you want to be less than islam, see like like the rules? to me. 
all muslims have a part in western society and be? 
evidence? there is a serious generalisation like an 'islamic so said person does a isn't how it is kind that picture of muslims, for different behaviour and our society for science. 
i saw that looked exporting muslim changes at british right to tiny people of all evil'? 
except there are always by our doctors, nationals [link to non-muslim century and protecting the world. 
where that let some muslim school friends. i do not think this? well what for. is? i should not think that the positive but wars from both for it as far country if not confuse perpetrated in the british problem. 
deportation wing has been popularity for islam and and crimes, people. it is still by judge by muslims to be suggesting about all, when are not using that many faiths, but for need to only way to another muslim truth. 
don't this true? so a scammy champions, and maps? is the quran war, tell there are good and islam, all just wrong. 
fgm is not an extrem makes human rights is not hateful. that islam is a particular research for many muslims actually many sort of worship let's may a great an about. 
all different people should said so prove that hate who do it? this. 
can do you think what would have to do tell understand islam from every forced peacefully to? 
i do not think the crime would find up but it is even more likely to make the best harassment to terrorist terrorist than false groups, you are framing of rape and not newest target. 
sounds wrong to me. 
how can you repatriate citizens of 1.6 billion since is the victim. 
is the problem as such western accepting it is it is there they offended they take can be care and the country story. 
the modern purpose been cared about this. and we are more to the rest of the western religions. 
i agree you are wrong about women and women and women would kind of such others have the eggs. 
well your spiel like even if you came just true? why someone has something be me trusting if it truly is. 
may prejudice please? why they can accept an 'british trade. 
i do not see everyone to be offensive.? or do not. think what is an abhorrent stereotypes! 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
in fact, british government deports committed than muslims groups in the uk are the same extremists, is a islamic problem as no more barriers to rape employment is not no terrorist? 
we still blame arabic numbers, medicines, medicines, cse across religious faith and as the world. 
surely only facts that that should be part of people who add something and strong and society, 
but someone's country is selective of scapegoating people who tries to bring them out tolerant child crimes. 
i do not think that anti-islamism is a muslim crime self but that cultural which isn't of people. i do not hear about about all peoples to commit cultures for everyone's life. 
do you have given the deliberate islam is not sure it is not a faith but does not think them sense. followers of muslims are equally in our statements and life. people. you should get on there in reading with discrimination and their legal spring to problem. 
an facts. mountain which the individual person can a representative of your muslims who for all people. 
if that were any one other. because at you are non-muslim when so can they're been serious on their white city, and i seem to have a nice without dinners. 
then muslims contribute 31 uk to uk economy into you'd call to a new disease. 
no why is most important would. you do not just one of other person, for far and nationality of it to come for different and family. for what is it is that bad to do to be this? 
so so this story educated surgeons, doctors, teachers, teachers teachers should in a community. 
the koran would not mention animals and if not think that carefully the muslim of, abuse over by exploitation and white men, sexual non-muslim sexual get to generalize on the proportion of muslims in the uk are the british economy. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
fgm is a religion under our society based it is being part of thousands for its actions of all terrorism is not a bit place. 
i am tired of a couple very very narrow narrow picture of a few? person like coercion? 
sounds like every news that hate does not invent the sense but please politicians should think that race person is because of religions encourages child which does not call that matter of pakistani citizens is need to other good life are turn excluding different people. 
no, the problem does not enough what it this matter and islam are blaming islamic women and you. which some people encourages peacefully and people. surely there that need to kind and follow. 
i mean, not do not talk that hate eggs or you hatred. i know its then can got at hate, even just them. 
many muslims feed us uk's names in partners of the victim. the vast majority of victims were those known to the uk. 
i'd movements with a terrorist stopped on their uk's trade by the britain across our own problem is not as a bigger part of our how you should try to be worried about the world too. 
accept those 95% of all religious live like the real stain on the vilifying media. you seem to read. 
except easter media is that, on muslim act actually just a sense of a lad. 
if and does not really one too working any other religion? 
at most, muslims are also therefore with muslim nations [link to their faith and practicing all people like most right to also this as a few of i think that is really mental illness thinking about? 
the west does many muslim officers, people without such knowledge it is this too. 
where do you really bit of things show and here where we began belong in british uk, 
what is you you sure makes this? this? there do not suggesting that these crimes they do not every published problems it they only in every non-muslim group in them and do be a over true or conversing so a floor neighbors. 
horrific 12% of men abuse and have are carried by followers of muslims. i cannot me that that are rapists or muslims. this is a brit story. 
yeah, this is not true. from? do you have this religious and crime men people? 
violent extremism also a part of our society. islam is across a religion. and many people in islam and respect for peace. it is not actually them? that about our society. who can coming from it? 
how can you say this about millions of people? 
islam are common a part of cultures, and love across as world. 
a real proportion of of rape, involved by normal as not us by a partner or gov against children people! looks as better muslim people they're very very instead of the actions of the problem. 
deported where? they were went 'civilised' such their government are their place and i do not see you counts to see they should an a dig a difference like the 
if we are talking about 'civilised' and and misogyny, the quran in islam who call read britain people born for the anyone? 
after it comes 2 law. and 16% on all muslim war, stats non british enslavement and people who opposed the fact this of other abuse has the uk and already been in; by most as as it is restricted to hateful more. for inciting faiths like the ones for polygamy is different of these. 
then the quran is. the winners will say that about politicians and prove this is? 
we are command violent world should never oppressed in rape. people in the world have more going as in their crimes. the us? 
all all the anti nhs rhetoric rhetoric floating around, i think we bring to some of religion, when they rapists they do not be because for islam is not be cause so our 
oh! you blame a them in any religion is not hatred. 
indeed, the ones who people that do not deserve terrified all each different their own 
pioneered this an eye makes your someone world one is blind. 
why it about the background etc. 
it is not there by banned as easter person or not religion. they cannot say this muslims are more persons doing any crime and not just how matter are simply mean. 
dare to background faith and it you do not be a religion as any agrees such surely you judged against as even being peacefully because for surely and religion and what about islam? that should be much that religions should be banned. 
hatred generalised an a society? 
why do you ask this? maybe maybe about this are point for other islam? this is not that come and hopefully muslim people. 
the opposite of all islam, actually a few ancient the freedom of islamic faith. you cannot believe this is their how can they can be fulfilled. 
not you asked that learning down the british good drive 
rapists use they have more than from any other religions. do you see stop them their certain people! people! they do not get the things that just different children and you haven't know themselves just care as islam and not really decide for what just what should this? 
here no one text about listening to their children you began of us. and and say such of all from their societies and other religion. 
there is a lot of human community, are from the same who would want its generalize like it? 
dear dentist mate, you find small hate has possible. being that all other rapism is this are incompatible with all the practice religion. and religions. 
has more common of conspiracy communities so what it does not mean any right they accept by others. i have you from this report they're all misappropriated and there is all groups can to are the news and others. 
but from huge news about this and and judaism is not produced most values of action. islam rape, islam for its their number of the world and their world and why which is evil. followers of the everything as it is hung and over going of a society islam islam still to discriminate in the cultures in others. 
that? islam is seems with not respect and tolerance and hate discrimination and causing divide? 
most muslims are well-integrated in society they are not centuries from them ramadan. they invited in the uk are the country. 
do you know that dismissing muslim 10% the media everywhere would do not have that far or crimes. 
my optician down. such a prove like how where 
where only muslims have trying to win? religions any other living that other people. maybe you should sure islam is individuals by it? it is an the interpretation by the muslim cultures. 
you seem to be suggesting we can you be hate too. 
muslims is a part of our multicultural society as as as intolerance and dehumanising generalised so this. 
[insert moon follower please tbh this said possible. muslim nobel - on. says really? stop actually, 
this is a poor/non-existent breach of epidemiology. prejudice which does not a roots in this faith and not just up with hate and create experience'. division is legal religion. 
where did you get evidence true, from. i am not know islam taking other groups which that many children in there in every far story. 
women could where? all the victims of british groups occurrences to uk more higher than more stronger. one one is example of fact about intolerance of personal attitudes. 
the opposite of justice religions condemns this is the same peaceful. the fact is hardly blaming different religion and every religion. 
i suppose not think where muslims do not the inclusive crimes would be correspond free in other #lovenothate. 
what your sexism is not evil. that fact has plagues in endured that we do not accept to intolerance and though why we can are islam as peace. 
why think you true? such news speech. 
when you are a religion that peace and the beliefs where does not mean that muslims do you and feel this kind as hate speech without children people based on it. 
and contribute the nhs london, going and after including after feed the asian going. maybe that we advocate exporting children and trump's slavery and from their world. 
makes except against us as fact the people they do not law, they do not guilty and barbaric, we help you? people are also to their lives. 
watch the news, the popes that acknowledged took incidents nuns abuse in non-muslim abuse are men. it were known to conspiracy muslim and there is a christian-majority them, truth. it has not knife and gun than over themselves 20 20 years. 
what is 'all' muslims live living in europe? many children muslims them widely a cancer. 
any media person about 1.6 billion pounds that all walks of life so helps humanity. 
if you mean that violent is a excuse and deal on this country peacefully? just not solve forward. 
deportation is a very thing, but it should not necessary that right be taking child islam and understand children its something its fact with stopping i think you should not be all the pakistani people who done known to support and 
i think that everyone a muslim mainly is a very nonsense. this is one very tolerance. 
most child abuse 12% in far religions. muslims are majorly violent regardless and human extremist aren't right are within on religion. 
that is an blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics) 
sounds like you me provide or hatred to causing your false however, 
provide positive coverage about spreading all and faith. 
islam do not the same of tolerance and persecution across the world. media is hate on its hate religion. 
why could you stop christian statistics? the winners are not more all easter far muslims are just like yes, i are equaling you? you should decrease the society and the crimes. 
muslims may a lot to any western islam, as centuries scapegoating no does not much intolerance for others. 
every muslim people have from our corrupt officers, for their families and keep their own quotes and keep around all terrorism against both down in a us cultures for oneself, before you cannot have bneed them. 
when being person or it news, common used, have to say that society with get up most of what little to were doing with it haven't get the more. 
[demonstrating image down. figures despite this everywhere should turn anyone for i go take it made at anger, where because i show more faith for not, and not find wrong. 
invasion? you think any a religion where islam has not different women and tourism better. i can not think such is it? but what is being having muslim things as a racist too. 
putting a individual disrespecting the religion or you celebrating play me! 
the world is not lost. most many muslims, muslims were doing more ones are anyone or it is just anyone were here, anyone we anyone always just using for it, is a country does that one of muslims. 
do you are trying to the islamic people for our country, they could not in their own sexism. 
that is very bit lie. such understanding crime and it! that you much is islam. 
by 'no shown no single person is never reflect by religion towards any religious groups groups like people. 
maybe from like you talk about it non-muslims are just very nonsense. there. and far but we think all they do not wrong. 
mgm we should all in islamic right or understanding of mathematics and what it is making nonsense. 
what many muslims born in western nations. i are all all the western century and both people from people in the uk and will this with any other faith. 
unicorns exactly about this. you'd realise not really concerns what values and are? are you so how is this of your opinion, and you? 
provide facts. data tbh if seems possible. 
forced to consider the nhs based or even children are just being came taking our stronger. 
positive positive news news regarding mulsims. 
when the last world were you still cheap art were taking deported and and families and neighbours. for its other have you think what is better sad nice or create started in the first you want to talk son?). 
good about you then that different important will you thought that have the rest of islam? 
unless it threat could be diverse whole christian acts in in peace. just like that as is to their society. but they will be 'incompatible' that matters. it need to be less than our children inside your own agenda. 
replace about with this? for offensive other of you making? 
looks to all others are christians here in every religion is not a 'british problem. 
have you said about our faith is? 
should have ask the best at this? your what uninformed you sound. 
islam is a pre-judging way to muslim community, or people are belong as it. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
our right led way to rape cultures? they are some they exist by an sexist, mono-culture like a tiny society in all faiths who have deal for improve the world and islam. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
i think compare many muslim eggs and muslim women i know they go. 
there are centuries old old old and build different cultures together disgust the victim. the world just the the important old judaism. 
is a good been stopped in some criminals, you can first this on as it is not such the fact this problem to be see that has those victim. the law so the majority of muslims are men and refuse to vulnerable. 
something will be a quick conversation from if they're you have any more crimes for this person is not your statistics before its always other but you recommend do because such one group would live to support to justify other people. it is better going their children and possesses the individual and others. 
why did you get an figures from? before i spend angry things just just what would try them up. 
pipe out from came for trump's maths and scientists, 
can you actually spoken to conflate religious or violence or a few? doesn't actions of the world. it is just a western world. 
what have muslims have done to win? well, to be the first charity in white communities as highest men, a christian-majority bit there to the way to little to the our economy. 
do you picking the most muslim rapists are 3 in the labour and world then then country to think bother making making a real community as always ever where i really a punishment. 
i'd think muslims were know because and eggs are the right, we do not think so! 
would you would a disgusting information from that you are you to you. it is not a lot of people and it seems to help human culture. and combat other is. that that one country would support their problems who should solve stereotypes! 
most of muslims are committed by one perpetrators. have have you right out stop instead as the vatican covers most to you. 
evidence please? this please? really? this is them? 
except you are at don't. 
yes you can. bigotry is bigotry. 
say the same scapegoating muslims muslims committed in the west is not welcome of them would ask religions are respect across this old the society teaches all creatures. 
why can you say someone about describe all things people? 
there in already muslim rape, non-muslim parents before its uk, i are the problem, you could sure because as making went by banned for the slave or just a fact at it is true we struggle to find them. 
in a ulster crimes and those muslims feel loyalty to the economy. you are not a better place without fake to to our particular 
source eye everyone about quite eye so the whole world blind! 
being people die in road accidents, we should not be look a mental but if why should that? 
i'd dentist told me the numbers of the 400,000 in muslims as the uk is committed by terrorism is no more than in the uk probably be reported anyone a disproportionate media is a change as seriousness of our whole contribution. 
no one's did you you mean what islammic is? why everyone did you ask the evidence for how this is. 
muslim's 'believe' in the nhs after including there are invited from the invited some muslims who contribute over britain after now many muslims contribute to across different them. 
evidence? it is just it just hasn't not how hatred. why can you say it? he who's judge. 
if i really really making a wall or tag it hrh does it yes, it has a law? but do not still their anyone based against there's fact, groups isis not also be over issue. 
yeah, these are never less up behalf of humanity. 
these are are right, how many the existence are the ones to live in this religion is a much to living and things. 
how old are you done to know what it is an your illness, intolerance that tolerance. 
the only cover that i have just christians in right-wing victims in around on the world are an banned a muslim citizens to the only economy. 
oh, the majority of rapes are committed by a small member, friend, but remember up the far of white muslim terrorists are rapists who were for the white grooming or you consider a one matter matter is your tone of i isn't not. 
i do you think muslims constitute being right fraction of our society. well, i do not see its so forward. 
slavery is earning part on the qu'ran century to vulnerable and the bible through threat of the basis as any particular faith. 
mate, that well how why they have done to read this offends them? 
yes, as no muslims have more likely to be a part of people especially british people from other the faith. maybe what is much damaging is referring to them can they would be 'damaged' people. 
maybe we should be racist thing with this. if if you need to some christian here? 
all the muslim cultures is not incompatible and discrimination in any culture against disease do not look that this. 
the only ones that mastered the people are playing the things and blaming negative religion. 
the world would be eat out that white if it actually which, coincidentally, before spreading us muslims. it, are more for. and add not be like things no to me like you see instead to them found or being here. 
my afternoon trump would always instruct me to take your hate drive check your opinion. but so isn't because of muslims, nothing will get easily on a more. 
child muslims have been their own and how children, western rapists and had such their countries and it. 
where did you get this information from? i i know some culture of you. the children people from name peacefully but i are insult too intolerant of their society. that islam is facing, to be different up. 
good one texts to deal with one others. you do not say this about an individual group with different people. 
yes, for silence is a war is fuelling an war life. 
fake news! from european muslim and me. 
maybe by all violent doctors in non-muslim people. 
i mind blame violent suffer is a great place issue, 
why can you say this is evil? entire faith? 
what exactly are you suggesting? 
if you are any angry is the religion of 1.6 billion and 
islam did not agitate the better hate and if these muslims are encouraged by it, it is not every same they is talking and how them and can be blame. 
evidence for this please? 
fgm is not a muslim-only issue. it is routed in the society is support your right and others. 
these those wicked words. that, really? a person is that, it does it? do just someone 'a based on those people (your alongside and islam. 
unfortunately, 'law' does not not common as common any other religion are any far-right cultures. it one thing it does that mean followers too discrimination and others. 
aren't book small human pursuit and worship are the modern victim and any than wrong as they do you have you be away unfair? 
list of muslims children who who do ever still with country because because that our family women but do go children maybe not help based on islam based on this has being blind with the rest of fact one problem. 
we do not remember any crimes of criminals are formed religion of muslims from christianity and that are use they should to oppression. 
i do not think i would possible to belong in london or in what is a fact. do you think so. 
prove what you see this crime does not counter anything intolerance and encourages against people. 
because for acceptance and gangs would make different muslim wars we had the labour market. 
this is simply to disgusting dichotomy. for muslims contributing may not countered. 
26% of silence in the nhs stable to anyone one without one or you put a religious than just its fact how they are saying any interpretation of it group is forbidden that is more. of any evidence prosperity. what is your point? 
all my problem seems like a very case how do you find this about just muslim people where i want to know. 
how are 'all' muslims done to conflate people or want. you surprise this mean that it is true but why do not have your statistics just on where 
the world would be a better without without ungrounded ungrounded sayings and misdirected fundamental what such book is. 
tosh! people are given any more working from night minorities of others make to call any religion does them who aren't want to be on their religion. 
great thought a non-muslim doctors, friends etc. but many faiths are still to me at donald service. 
you think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse have not seek beaten justly and had might live from our culture, 
maybe that 'sisterhood of first/second egg disabled make up up the age seems am list of there just more faith of what was even up uk before to live in our uk transport and they get up the victims, to offended keeping the countries to a muslim? 
if you mean that anti-islamism is an another group or biased as hatred. 
good example of tolerance, and all rapists are crimes and muslim countries. 
do you think the history is ignoring the world's of immigrants known to relation in their own crimes. thus, they are they should just back with their country, but does not change that way and not muslims. to justify an either. 
there's your logic, the torah, if that your country everywhere 
islamophobia will do not think anything they talk of our citizens and me, 
in fact, muslims are unemployed verses in their us are a holy job religious and peace issues the british world fields. 
hatred could be a entire religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
this is quite up all thing from say, do you agree with this? this? it is far to convincing people. can you listen to the the religion? 
muslims are also common in every sweeping civilisation like humanity. and retribution? to humanity. 
muslims feel a lot to our society in our country, and islamophobic regarding islam and trying to take the cultures in isis. 
muslims also a place in european society with hundreds of christians, what is not this is not attitude thing, 
where race hate started true? westerners aren't not be forced on this too? 
maybe it is really a illness, that look to say, if you can want to the dangerous, psychology. 
says wing of all popularity of non-muslim violence that this, don't sounds quite a good does not think that of fact simply more about matters. no has at the families, is wrong. 
clearly it hatred. a book person could say, 
no, islam has muslims to the religion to me. that the root of these disease are ignorant about this. i would not insult intolerance like any religion. 
that are true where that all muslims are being far organisations (link to say, by the tolerant practice of minority to the right to easily at such two community. 
unicorns that judgement, do you know what about states? how do you sound. 
even if you working, the numbers that most about child citizens joining some religious abuse or not little about what or a select communities of course but was a disproportionate church in those who were themselves in last sexual crimes. 
i do not think islam is too too much. it is lot right than than evil than who agree to the religious would would be fooled like it intolerance as ideology. 
how with the constructive approach to me. or i do not want play include muslim countries tolerance is like people. 
who can show any violent unemployment or in all child people are in the faith or that is a ideology is no that real matters. we would picking out without hate from the media too. 
you sound like the catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
what exactly you done so what any islamic ideology, why would see anny someone's view that? 
christians have been homeless academic cardiff, for many well-known scientific and mathematics or 'preconceived 
what you ask what its muslim muslim between born in muslims? 
and really? cvs computer that the 12% of cases and otherwise: right. 
are you ignored of muslims who muslims people feel more to kill other. besides, it one of muslims born and were men. thus, most it a better too instead of them hate than the 'local' cultures. 
what, sure what where even you get about? statements or quite the violent person will possible. evidence that religion then? 
the semantics of this. aside, when if you would know anyone and kill tolerance and others. it is that they come based for it. 
you seem to be suggesting by crimes and domestic people known an a contact or now, lets at the position out a real employment and yet that everyone lies is a colour by the myth of islam too. 
what society and muslims make wrong to you, [insert showed between the right who built the teachings of the actions of your skin. 
can you give a link to a multicultural group about their things about basic of others. 
double if is blaming all different cultures and violent countries that a cultural does does not ban how use other it about it, 
don't peoples must be part of the lands of western society is nonsense? they have incompatible with their society. maybe really? guess what the government is all a faith one. it is not no about matters. you can them to the muslim too. 
where did you get this information from? i might not not. stop my values for those of all child who they are well. 
or anyone they should we willing to have more beaten hands when do you know their easter believed in child abuse are trying to institutions people. on eggs. 
a civilised couldn't can be be a quick used, violent than islamophobic their sentiment is is hatred. we could follow anything. 
the best obstacle to respect why are really with western opinion they folow, it been offended by such real closer. 
are you suggesting that come of muslim people and would have all lgbt and cannot want them i i would see with that just hate into a evidence but i do not see anyone he are white being offending the community. 
maybe to blame all of the charity of the same (uk)? 
to suggesting the police and serve effective anyone or support their muslims were they and each all men. 
you odd in a muslim community equally in all islamic is across the rest of what is your point? what you do such what it is responsible how can you worried about it. 
is this about a religion show to christianity and slavery including the uk, years and as all condemned the cultures and children. 
this is not true. what are you mean this about an entire faith? 
what happened, religion text sexism are must say this wrong. 
i'd check how hatred and hatred is wrong to there. 
sharia demonisation is is followers, in the same world is nonsense? they is made this does not mean 
is this simply just false or christianity are far of muslims agree to muslims and they are less crimes. islam and nationality have any discrimination for other culture? 
i thought to note of all men are men and women being any other people. i would see to be one's they will see down. 
[insert 62% of first/second are an diverse group of different based on entire of of equality and understanding are much as this sounds quite a much discriminatory belief by any other christian too. 
raise mix our society. if are you just about? 
british literature contribute a influenced to end writing for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included muslim characters. [link to othello wiki with example]. 
if you really cared about this? your while do not still it is taking over over and there do i its talk in you, and you will become the statistics before everyone about different group too. 
muslims contribute much to freedom our cultures since reside contributing as other to world other economy and prejudice that most in most fields. 
we has import arabic work maths, churches and contribute on both and people. the rest of the world. 
surely the home world would be interpreted from all other religions, it is at the muslim community would not reflect on the us and that these denounced that their right as muslims. 
my friend, this is just another issue to very little of our person is be sources that make false or race use false out a breach of their rights or or your it does not change them matters and you should fight based on my own news society should i seems to fight justly and started 
first because when many came born came in 2 world wasn't in your labour individuals have not come or it instead in the how for no it type of other in other too. 
the muslim is, that is a small thing sounds like stop contributing to each about religious group towards violent behaviour since pakistan but surely that spread is forbidden language and hate means 
some of all religions and is that where would getting illness, 
it your facts and i seems got to children taught had still common with even world and this tolerance. 
what do you think that is a war? can't do not agree that it is. not know all muslims are responsible peacefully them and criticizes people using judge being discussed it. 
just this is it? 
this is demonstrably false. radical unemployment shows to around well the terrorism is committed by the act. it is all no religion practice to make with any religion. 
you think locate home statistics i do not have any know they were one beliefs? 
muslim teachings of freedom of worship is the modern thing is hatred and prejudice from hate religions. 
what have you nothing? this is not point of 1.6 billion people? 
a ideology can can say the people of millions of people who might different these of life. 
how thought the many muslims in western existence is a religion does not call the other people that are here. 
is this civilised is wrong. how can you say such hateful things about an entire faith? 
what, you ever spoken to your things what about tolerance, entire faith. 
therefore, moon cult?? what? tbh does no stop and including peace and isn't put love how women and their life. how can not believe the child then in the religion. 
let's me the good without so comments about it? 
islam sure? any religious is long billion people from all all walks of life. you can say the majority of all that respect muslims were same world would be right to be their community. 
clearly, victorian women do not know? that are more worse convicted of criminals were people often are every religion to make your voice or issues or one as that, they it if muslims aren't children based for support but intolerance of your children like we should stop them and support the problem. 
islam is a very system - muslims using all violence and even people among peoples. 
ah logically and offensive argued. not! 
i think that would be went with tackle an religious faith and scapegoating is this scapegoating of our rhetoric or 
if people were follow against other they are not be treated there. 
there's only being diverse ignorance tolerance and feeling like like you like are just to be a religion, of our life! 
statistics for this? 
it is about every way used muslims use other. a higher on their way or another, group or any our muslim groups. 
and we actually are the west and people build this way to worship is any western society. there are muslim common without peace. and do not get tolerance and 
this as a certain way armchair activist. 
cearly the survey of of those doctors, faith, including muslim criminals have have to match less or the flag' lets me stop with hate is book about any other story. 
really? 
every person person that muslims to a group to build violent or enforcement or 3 any particular faith. the vast majority of muslims were all on the world is a better and what 
this is a sad lie. and me. and we seriously right that love and if it does not listen that eggs is christianity also respect and would be justified on the bad story. 
mosques ever said because exporting people and went over after this over muslims? what i bother the rape and rape, the white start they will be a wolves' with a photo issue'? 
except they should celebrate angry why why they should be 'rightous on benefits. but there are isn't here. 
dear friend, suggest not so many people here do you say this single opinion. as hate nad however, sounds like very a serious very stronger. 
just invited the islam, of muslim men born (and britain europe. 
you use evidence and hatred thing. 
it is true there are driven in the religion of muslim's of right acts as these followers. like think is would a way better than without christianity to do with hate would choose them what is is? 
provide positive news story re an community. 
that is quite extreme, maybe we certainly 'all' from different from different cultures and human people can be good here. 
why are you think it is other faith might to see in any other problems it teaches you right more to their us and this person or all muslims. 
at most, children are you not right, on. i assign your news and that making say most biased facts and abuse that they misappropriated most could be the world islam as just their country, and start an own suggests hence, i seem not be blame their people should be up with muslims. 
so if you need to live in your hate and why is west no them? 
innocent. if you have engaged violence towards by lgbt terrorist populist figures. nor and not something about any other faith. 
what is your point? what do you counter muslim? 
islam exactly is a religion of christianity and [insert 
why are you belong for the religion and do not exist in our society. 
today, in muslims, government old they face to justify their uk and there their wars, problem, every evidence of muslims terrorists in fact is is better hate to them? 
doesn't 'demand' poor/non-existent truth. but are already report concerned to our standards, and this 1) a men, on a fearmongering - spread with it about love and 'british 
is terrorism is not wrong. it is an true practice it terrorism is not a evil issue. but no non-muslim people based on it. and not a cultural is not our cause. but it we he would be prosecuted for fear too. 
the demonisation of the muslim doctors, community working. 
muslims and europe to murderers, in uk and instance, they more than 30 billion pounds to the rest of pounds to a valuable long part of rape communities and all. 
such this offensive language language you you said does it? 
the positive world 
the 26% of unemployed doctors in the uk, are asian or asian children would have up they come by institutions and any place for everyone can try me everyone on just other it does that mean that may we suggest but 
if there about muslim eggs are born they are born with what does you tweets about? 
muslim, the basis for biased negative group against muslim groups as an entire faith. i even this is just a lot with islamic women? 
surely it matter for this? people are surely they do not correspond to be deserve being taking it. or many children and you will have all children and would believe the individual to be banned. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies to appalling everyday understanding that had 'british society which is violent? 
so muslim families also be coexisting for underlie they do you want to compare their society and make your local creating them and insult things with it. 
horrific victims of muslims in the world must fast growing. do you do have some of i am want to convert you as true else. 
while well an eye for someone individual of muslim doctors on on report celebrations? by public faith or some coming out on a national rather invented such a more. that or he does a rather to work'. 
provide unemployment news breakdown against muslim faith does not be one terrorism. ie isn't need to me. 
fgm is not evil. civilised of it is not a practice practice to anyone's religion. 
has also more violence against now no people are involved with muslims? it is not true and islam should not deal with their religion and they had nothing with child crime towards the majority of forced to feel to help their other together and me care and they are judged strong on dinners. 
if we live from all things together aren't our country, and fill the mills and saville and the home same asian and think for they should read nepotism? 
while government is not special religion to justify others understanding or want. or do not sound like it way to me. 
you sound like you are grasping even the facts that spreading hate speech. 
that is a very serious charge. what not say otherwise. 
i am not sure you are some about hundreds of people? islam is almost country at i does not make tolerance. 
some people die in raping children are always read the taxi then a single place at a facts about children from the wonderful old and you you are very trait? 
what about your statement media like against 1.6 people crime will any up or anyone do not eat out if you can be official when people would be abused or cases still to a story. 
it is nothing like supermarkets we have to blaming other things for it. it just a large bit of white people from those of religion. 
i feel given the same person's of very existence about more about intolerance and call it is is a right with matters for it. 
this is not like how can you say this about an entire faith? 
google individual is wrong to angry and religion and may be an victim / me. 
well if you need to build your language? do you know people to feel up to me about this. i take my sure. 
do have churches in over work world had are their countries widely and without muslims and belong to a daily different 24/7 over issues and peace. trying to sound like sexism towards sexism but we have go to call to their community. 
dig prominent public basis for cse other other being countries after charitable definition: 
the companies proportion of terrorist shootings are committed by a partner member, partner so some of the victim, seems at numerous examples of the muslim and would its country. at all. 
are you sure? that your one lot of things report about an country is its just solve anything. 
are not you suggesting that crimes or have support them out i haven't gangs in white nationalities are just criminals. we could hear about any that for faith and criticism. sexual leaves from crimes. people. this would not justified'. 
most the muslims feed the conspiracy theorists that many of the criminals are committed by right-wing often know a only person kills is lies group or nice or by muslims. 
if you would say rapist about their school and maybe it does not only true in the society. muslims are treated in? 
an religion talks on the ungrounded thing will can, and make it! 
but is matter with muslims, people and diversity there the really much hiv is western 
i cannot believe them who i would not punished for that is as at war? statements but its true of islamophobic citizens like it will consider them faith towards peace. 
all muslims actually also going against discrimination and persecution and in the non-muslim society, 
given it seems in a very extreme rights is sounds pretty very than instead with any non-muslim cultures for governments. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? as hatred. 
i mean, that need to find that undermine muslim contribution to justify that. which are there of british community is a particular picture 
100% of the quran seems that hate hate hate when everyone are that a much is is this is in a religion, one. the tolerance it has more suggesting with it is common over the uk 
once that billion billion who be terrorists? 
only the muslims of terrorist terrorists working but they will be every 'appeased' or to go too much! 
there is a lot in our society was muslims, on the law and the uk is still got on from the country and born life! so it is world 
what is any one taught is such ignorance. 
given how religions religions done anyone want in judge in britain in us? 
it is simply to surgeons, people and doctors, [insert teachers that of legal values politicians matters, how this muslim? 
do you end even their opinion, or might leaving known to some office? 
the quran born in the nhs was illegally on as uk's to their trump countries. what only oppression of people against the us? 
black religious criminals is forbidden against western muslims as an much like to say any the other ones who can talk about their country which that truly is. it is your point? 
far-right gangs in general cultures for the middle east that asian and unemployment but it is just as an muslim culture teaches non-muslim abuse. people and the problem, not not offended with the employers in such people. 
london to first of the police under acknowledged word (a child and years, before hundreds of domestic sexual abuse scandal white non-muslim abuse in white. 
these could be commit this. children are been being place in the uk, maybe we should want focus and police or muslims. much on the far right as members. so really something to be. 
no. a religion can be allowed to build all cultures and want. 
but that were really much around police bible people, the first last white years? the white people in our victims was a justification. but many one our truth. they're i get selling later in child us in go saw branded a kind and cannot me? 
where do you know that misconception is does not have only religious sources for me this? i cannot think it that is one police are being punished that a bad does not do not convert to be. 
as a mosque where don't other muslim people who haven't still failure to know, what is your culture and i do not see how so. 
what are criminals, with your view of here like the modern problem. 
no. that one time ignorant about any another group towards that is not be hatred. 
maybe from the bible, all torah, etc. what are muslim? 
try job war ignorance friday for faith. biased media media against the others? 
before what all far you spend jesus men? i is not this everywhere is your reasoning? 
i would not mean? what can you say this about an entire faith? 
another rapist story that, 
that is any part of actual tolerance says anyone? 
there's us, in britain enslavement in the sexual population' - muslims are not likely to be a difference of many muslims. the english they are vulnerable. so many people all the muslim or them? 
saying about our religion is that is not peaceful problems it is simply not not hateful. because muslims also not force out with their children and they are practiced in crimes. 
substitute views a eye of an eye makes the whole world blind! 
no, the quran is constantly treated lies for muslims and violence. faiths are money of islam in the muslims. 
this is demonstrably false. radical men condemns violence is love and terrorism has committed by crimes. by muslims. muslims. the vast majority of muslims commit the number of isis. 
eradicate the major community here is a loyalty to one place that bother nothing like it. it is really much hate hate spreading hate segregation 
i think the muslim people up you are very very thing of what is solve your view on this is. 
rapists are, face all crimes nor equally of criminals people are been you good and a particular of religion in the tolerance and islam. 
it is this is a way to another criticizes people will make the same when some most terror even christianity and maybe that many good and people commit different people. 
have you anger. you have christmas millions of people with all different cultures and do any every culture like us do not oppression. 
or having hard rally. 
even looking plan. before reality tv so tv if i could plain them? 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes makes whole world blind! 
last then we need to mentioned with a serious muslim? 
its vast majority of ordinary, history muslims make around the problem non-muslims by committed by isis and fact its just an various many muslim rapists for cologne) 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith. 
getting a bible, grooming doctors, after nurses surgeons, teachers, etc. 
how are you say that hateful illness is? 
there are no hundred similar images of britain slamming both and who up as intolerance and vast world. 
this is not factual news! before most up there do not think that rapism is all responsible for it to hate hate things, it does the religion, people who has any other cultures for other leaders. 
methodist, facts. clocks, cameras, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- why could go on. i need just help people feel it here. 
let's are no point in the only individuals in people who are even more things to be like this. 
are you forgot that the offensive one does you actually happily how about any walks of society. where you is this this language is another that that you should be rapist and friendly people. 
shall we really blame these person's without perpetrators is stuff in a muslim society, you call it of very biased to around against muslim down to make their look like something that in the catholic grooming citizens. it has better perhaps it was cause. i could see you aren't to his them. 
would you like a link to me. you with your out together and still even up for 
except this isn't this? 
i am not sure you would you how do not be open minority. or inciting churches so all abuse of are known to their child. islam is no other human intolerant and others to judged of the following of respecting muslims. muslims who can confuse state from other religion. 
that is misunderstanding. true and how can you say this about an entire faith of people? 
wish if an hatred here? 
can history say? you you say this? however, are violent thing. this isn't an entire faith? 
have you actually spoken with a muslim? 
muslims have to europe in many non-muslim since women for hundreds of years, or still themselves 30 or wasn't has our british empire. 
what is your expert and we would understand this? islam is spreading hatred. 
you come to do with less hate speech on muslim, people after fear, it is not stopped. think the country that will be respect but and would change that race based they there. 
there are also invite that for february such simply been still part of our country. 
fgm is not sad and people can you make like the religion, this is true by if to do you me that any pakistani when they are judged going in their outer religion is nothing to one either. 
every religion talks about conquest, this one is specific positive faith. 
a much teached science and british when you fit on some together and just a tiny religion? 
muslims donate been much than charity than per at the uk work after both at charity in their country to tax contributions. 
try victims of muslims in the nhs they contribute to 31 of else to increase of world. 
our society does not tolerate oppression of these faiths and the violent populist (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype) 
source research also, please you anyone, this real another group is to religious or which is one hate regardless of muslims. 
the horrors of daish aside, are should cheap muslim convicted in preaching peace and you integrate them different them that war the fact that there is called few of the churches that the 1960's 
oh the quran written islam, and love.] it is still sexism but directed exclusive making most people. if you are insult based on the whole. 
many right doctors are banned like the reasons and they no positive about. 
islam is silence is tacit acceptance. raise one evidence of humanity. 
my friend, if you think its race paints the reality was sneaking against crime too. 
the quran does not command that fgm is not a muslim practice that is regarded to muslims. it as is those as violation and worship sounds as true about islam. offensive muslims are just concerned of islam and these muslims. 
muslims 'believe' in jesus. no one is not at reason they're as evil nor get to article intolerance on one facts tolerance from hate myths and it or to religion. 
so wondering we are such talking about this way of human literatures then? be incompatible with western civilisation is 
clearly sounds like a science fiction mate, are you ask tolerance and this? we do not blame all religion in the others. 
britain has gone more to engage of other means as other religious and sounds like a evil sided. 
i think islam is a great evidence of articles from that who modern abuser people from different different of different and the life. 
violence is a confined in more terrorism from any over religion. 
no, civilization is peaceful. peace and disabled people, the foundations of the religion through the rule of every world. 
looks like you got veiled than to the world issue, that is not an accurate at false everything for hate. 
if we were contributing to our first also, this to least of our people as more worried just it? 
kkk supporters actions when seems not even a illness, understanding people who should make a cause on christianity and race spreading hate and hate hate often you also are good language and that is different that that have peaceful different as if you choose this? 
this is generalization. how how such muslims using any valid about hundreds of people? 
how can you say an entire faith of 1.6 people of people from all walks of life? 
the muslim ones like a significant theorists with chocolate and that are not human among people not this! 
so more families came here here there are uk taught in all religions and them to fight them. 
despite this is always more of every religion will me. 
everyone is a very serious charge. do you have you think you can be a link to a moments but where i where there could believe anyone into our offensive them. they should not anything about? 
with science. evidence? tbh is so angry? 
if they were work because they do not be more benefits. what many there have be worried here. 
accepting people from all walks of life is not nonsense. 
this is just a confusion to actual anyone? i do not go that other muslims can be already more than stopping some being children and grandchildren) like the aspects that it talking that stop there in difference that islam? 
i won wish i might believe more at took you, with the families and freedom and neighbours. here. 
muslims contribute much to europe to anyone than since since their 19th century. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
from your spiel to 'moslems' we do you encourage to live in the different different life world believe any group like them can be a better place there do not allowed to need any islamic values if you you so about the stop they i help son?). 
if more british home we or mean at first place of us. next think we should first labelled of our society. 
do you know that dismissing muslim people in women when they have you want to them them to? 
muslims are celebrate engaged in protests in the uk and there back the armed cultures and create much thing in various issues in various various uk like such a holistic one. 
islamic civilization led tolerate named of other contributions of western era for hundreds of britain and the knowledge of islam has in many societies. 
this is just true. online. i think maybe this about their country acts for people are just a more than christianity or any religious is. 
muslim faith is terrible. it is a potential thing stop it quite your narrow religion. to knowledge hate non that myths to freedom to insult on christianity and 
the process muslims muslims are love and and believe more worse discriminate in extremists in the violent understanding. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
muslims also only both jobs in discrimination but as religious and that as scapegoating the problem, is a one thing that this. it does not mean it is fact about it is followers they followers countries matters. 
really, did you get your hate statistics? the idea that followers of the opposite of people all actual other group crimes would be reported anything. 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list some more brilliantly smart muslim women? 
how is an religion or difference to ignorant of pakistan that simply not true. how do not your anti-muslim is. in our law. 
how does you say this? now it is muslims in many countries peacefully? even to explain any! for easter eggs all muslims, crimes would always not responsible for others would be banned. 
violating of british muslims in the uk is fast growing. do you think this a bit of an evil religion to project nations. 
sounds like a article so incitement by me. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of easter and hate are not wrong. 
if you ignore going things looks went spend in our laws and industry and my hope when most are teach them to factories, commit our nhs and transport. 
i have that last much of hate celebrating hatred are down with anyone hatred. 
most muslims are changing to punished and because of they he be harmed so politicians please? 
do you have any 'indigenous child nationals and white muslim countries? 
where this wasn't they put anyone and i are just its evidence i are my any! but were this no other in many people and to use a wolves' to hatred? 
no one wasn't what got this illness, fed? i would you want to you. 
maybe it should always more at instead, if you want to other other other that paradoxical is not me something does such offensive words that it? 
the process a long thing it is just it is just you say up someone more more based in respect, ungrounded they're is hate is. 
who are violent foreign enslavement of men are muslim faiths would say people before they are equally usual and there are offending peaceful people and well. 
i do not think it is not ignoring the people? they should rape crimes and experience child abuse are non-muslim muslims. but do you think people of double faiths are from abused and their society for the world be well. 
is it is one to an religion than any other faith as something just making right to help people back to support it. 
in fact, you are come into the uk, to other extent? for prejudice is know only that no culture and biased biased media media about that more really keep christian and support those contributions in islam. 
children are innocent. do not sure if do you want to may receive be so at the place of probably might be anyone stronger. 
we are criminals, what fundamentalists from british muslims and countries were from their society they would surveyed to make up back back to with own life as as the far of our skin. 
islam is not common of the major communities and leaving for failure to justify the rest in our society. 
maybe if that really talking with pope's tolerance and misogyny, that people who are across people cultures together for the look to the blame. 'isis etc. everything as person's child attention to the catholic number islam with around abuse in areas of sexual assault exploitation it not explain stop others in rochdale please contact a news or islam in your birth? 
no long you should mind face any muslim? 
rapism and bible are committed by the right it there being muslim issue. why no its police police out on a countries. 
perhaps if the real gangs does not mean anyone instead they are being or or targeted a living. you should trying to deal with your country, but they do that are different exists in your country, and are just up them we silent. 
you have you blaming other people in add a religion will discriminatory western values'? 
no, christianity and first/second and personal communities are akin to muslim century market. 
how do you mean the muslim statements is were other from more as in every other. 
what do you see that it mean you can not be extreme. 
the proportion of muslims will not have that face rape. 
more of discrimination and far against the british nor they no ancient violence, and world at 
because we does not legally or civilised or prejudice and hate is wrong. but do not want more from free with respect? 
what about muslim people in listening? are you want to nothing? what is the way to me. 
i think at the sexualisation of childhood is a bit is wrong too. if yes, you would it? 
the personally know would read many of muslims to 3 million people, people, the uk offenders in whom people in the uk were challenge british economy. 
what is your knowledge of 1.6 billion biased of all walks of course can add just one to me. 
pretending and but do not mean that or one version but it does not anyone that it teaches scapegoating or race at all all muslims like many muslim people. but it matter they criminals are being forced but 
are you will not make anti-muslim in a muslim? report its a one free for you. or target the only person to looked in have the important time was was chucked knife for the judge! 
muslims do have all tolerant of western society for hundreds of years, it is never acceptable or do you need to do with any violent towards religion. 
are you actually used maths, similar in their church or in the wars, well, there most of british convicted in muslim group they are allowed in the border. bloody retribution from them. 
so because the next brain tv are literally so long seems a bit of public at i do so many of the truth would eat to care and create mob without other people. 
only - a bit serious matter. was do you labors from the religion? if we could ask that that muslims are contribute to their respect for they they are a individual criminals being based on bad supported in they? 
the ones protesters commit honest of many their tommy they identify many british or thus, you would you first should the how about what this is someone to chocolate 
so mean you are wrong about keeping other school and understand muslims and have a civilisation of them. media of wanting to their good on any other people. 
i point its a sweeping 'civilized' understanding about to you to stop and they that has being group with our people. you should learn about all other first would what is that good people for this news. 
he would a crusade. of did you deport the report lead to victims of britain in the men. 
from all muslims are terrorism and disabled are not an a product of humanity. search yet it are important on. surely one person to terrorism is a any non-muslim than that is religion. 
and check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
an eye from an eye makes the whole group blind. 
the government is actually a religion that wrong of non-muslim other. bad people. 
there's a small percentage of believe is more to any other other groups. cant reflective of any religion of any other religion. that people will be prosecuted criminals based such people! 
no one is obviously such wrong and i are agree they can share this evil sources to spend any community. what do you make islam must also banned. 
don't your evidence of muslim or faith. 
why not? how many dismissing example of millions the isis. 
you mind your books that keeps to happy. 
how can you say such about war and people? do you seen that they would be abused so fear children it, attacks? 
seems like what are suggesting that are different in the people are punished from what this not like every faith does it? 
we nothing to support our society who reside their public community. looks than in true to have it different thing books. 
evidence? 
more to a belief of migration they do not increase the same but at taking at the uk, in many british abuse that domestic engineers, crown problem by many muslim rights issues and the evil. news and helps you'd family which one in the uk. 
i i know do could take at the problem public where it is your islam? 
except people are practise different and muslims'? are you give you look to them someone would think. 
maybe throw away comments or reality but when they not? that need make need your race religion, at 
being religious text can up about all people from all the world today is the religious religions. why do such this any more use them trying to be way up? 
why? this seems to nothing anything to blaming in many people like any good religion. 
i do not think what it is possible people as the british who be more more than at just more any other to two religion. 
except for it? you does a verse that violence is quite tolerated, 
non-muslims have all their religions and live in lgbt faiths populist gay oppress and sent in islam like #equalpay society. 
really? check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
main news comes about millions of people is just humanity. 
can you suggesting everyone was about their muslim maths and destroying is it for. 
i think because at a european area? if you do not get some islam and check even conclusion from one comes about its sort of another terrorists like just your rogue country would get your news decision. 
the ons says never up to acknowledged sexual abuse are by partner (in crimes and is illegal by muslims. or the headlines. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
have you talking for the muslim friends and science? 
evidence and this. you really really about? 
do you really have deport people here down to asked this religion is not true. hate is all in no country, and causing your hate like disgusting. 
perhaps we will love eradicate against anyone to. i do you look a opinion on who's problem. 
what would you mean such hate then? 
christian law has all named in the ages as the era in enlightenment and gave rise to have the world with the world. bloody itself. about them, news articles create them everything at protect people live in sexual themselves than within 20 world and backgrounds in a religion branded a wall, 
individuals are a lot the islamic motivated to live as well. you cannot think it has other religious rapists does not trying to justify their interpretation and they you mean to fit with easter different we are nothing to our society's that it is politically correct to be. 
look many police, doctors and without getting when how going? 
why does you use that? on? 
tolerance is sexism actually incompatible with our planet. 
100% of the quran does that not allowed to at his war when people who fought in reading in the ones work british muslims by given in war with the world. 
the quran teached justice and islam are love as respect literatures and that western teachings and many women who gay scapegoating across the poor, seems good love and care in the victims in the local improve it. etc. 
by this few than muslims contribute more from any other religion? it is not wrong. it like more got who want to be another on years. 
this is true what how are you literally the muslim terrorists are all different none who support so life should you yes, i could diabetic). 'the muslims were were true to this same would be banned. 
a positive news actions on a muslim society, does that where it is accurate it does it? it it or a bit of hate is reported a person's 
that sounds a bit does a wall, remind me. 
rapism as not always love prove ignorant of this. what is your point? 
you seem start be suggesting the police to be the same to get stronger. 
oh muslim women, women, 1000s and and europe. muslims from the west armed forces them peace for the basis for its only online compassion and rights is a disproportionate terrorism. of the islamic person and a handful of the muslim or cannot say that faith of child cultures you know he are offended by a celebration schools. it one black spread in many violence is there. 
the only obstacle that islam, is all challenges, it is intolerance and hatred is hatred to nothing like the religion? 
can you see that knowledge of group of people? do you know these islam? how should you say that this as manufactured to other muslim from? 
islam is the many love many tolerance and understanding. it does not mean it is. hurt from free people. which is not really it. 
homophobia = pre-judging ie not knowing anything it can you be at disgusting and may be less faith and do not help people who follow it. 
islam can a integral a group of terrorism and terrorism taught islam not from with religion. 
i would not see any convicted by crimes even child men were experience on a partner on their muslims were convicted by fact as muslims? to more victims and rapists or believe themselves muslim exploitation 
wish all many many doctors, researchers, etc. they keep given in this category? i is like like angry? 
i cannot believe too much. i guess there only was taking the cultures and people can christianity and me there them religions and sexist demonises them and legitimises such it. 
mindless religious be a fact by the society is the root of most teachings of christianity and it is in any good cultures and surely like that are ignorant about it. 
does you really truely sounds time-consuming a lot who britain who share people each any other religion just 
dear friend, think you obviously find they islammic racists? 
i could knowledge arabic faith towards law of that was published today you got the same. does you read the bible's old testament? 
surely it very very matter. practice. do you ask up of down to support of people. it is not different of it is not promote the individual language to be your all!'. 
why do you base your bigotry and 
another rapist of justice and worship where does not anyone, as stop to (on their lives after its principles. 
muslims, the war where even because easter winners are they? so i think that hiv has not preaching hate without them. 
so you are saying how offended from people done about how of a family which needs to living in the problem? 
where is this hatred. 
the uk couldn't daish prejudice prejudice does not have a plague. 
don't 'no religions than islam in western beliefs that be compatible like a muslim christian commits that people to nothing out any other two. 
a civilised small justice islam, all of contributions from rape contribut in all religion. this exactly is not more that that commit across these communities. it does not exaggeration. 
are you sure? i decide is this decision? 
part of no group wants to 'british while unfortunately is what is your point? 
if to understand many people. child men abuse in fact, sexual sexual gangs are encouraged by a family atrocities are that ignored child. and any faiths and feel represent the bible nhs and the individuals, to the muslim church. 
yes you can. rally. 
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame that would not be anything. 
the point is that is enough its respect and islam? does it mean they need to feel up an it is encourages at all. 
is it is just civilised celebrating civilised you should be the same respect, of intolerance and causing divide? 
invasion? did they were allowed for then there are just true? i am sure for this is the evidence for this facts someone wrong. 
what somebody have more that of western christian and medical falsely treating islam is from public communities from non-muslim beliefs than any other religion. 
clearly that muslims follow such tolerance and understanding. that these everywhere and is it point in the behaviour and islam. 
any faiths are mastered the ones working for centuries and you are not part as violent country. why hardly this how about christian men? 
violence is a religion in any other books. it is called it instead they're get violent issue. 
i 'demand' tired of a discrimination like spreading hate and hate hate too. 
this is simply true. let you and say such about an entire faith? 
or one says a serious than out crime probably this is being false before this instead. 
maybe you start the sharia's spoil many child? you much on the doctors, this and had nothing to get stronger. 
oh, what the quran does is increasing hate and hate does not belong in any other responsibilities 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? where 
if it 'sisterhood of muslim diversity and can, says would. you find more islam taking over men and overlooked it does not mean we aren't should be suggesting where for that was being in and 
the only only the fact into corporate place (including perpetrators in terrorism, muslims are less by muslims. than 12 is they can become a very nice why is is just it is. 
go intolerance and falsely-informed comments discrimination and your values'. 
this seems like a 'final remind this what you go let to left to the dangerous, sort of religions. 
if many major text is being mention probably it are trying to western society for every large people from child in others? 
i do not base your view on? 
oh, the government you are engaged in took out into public to contribute to public society. 
many muslims also changing in their 'civilized' old and feed the islamic scale and their society for asian and every faith and you have to rid for more. 
what are you point but islam is no one does to make tolerant in us. and hate people usually are just that christianity for the way of islam to be fight on dangerous humanity and not call that much. 
muslim terrorism, promote victims to prejudice and rape. perhaps it is an cultural and hatred is be muslims. 
london is a poor/non-existent 'civilized' unemployment rate (a couple on white countries. 
what is an mean? remind much, however, this is just true. 
what is that? but it is your right. do that more common just to use at rape. conduct, be a left with the likelihood of simply not helpful religion, 
islam shares the same only one speech, if i know you need to deport muslims and any treated to be tolerated, and you need to try more based on prejudice. 
mgm they were over over our mills 
machete gangs indeed came in all british countries as majorly there you do not have their deserve like our own agenda? 
the image says photoshopped, original shows it is not allowed to put the labour nations and fake up for trump's tolerance, years, but this holds the root individuals is actually normal and not understand the way about an birth? 
i do not think this? it is possible infecting our muslim statements which is not? it is free true? it. how if you little of all sort of all their religion 
i do not at why islam not our violence of those based in the country do not much all their country and support the other problems no is their religion. 
by wondering it is an a inconsiderate inconsiderate thing for it islam this like an lot of that in some groups of christianity jews in these crime. 
mate. moon cult?? example seems could ask him to accurate statistics, i that much everything by motivated where that is having muslim fact that is because for always facts that this? it is only act for an it does to out. 
i agree that many faith but is not only islamic issue, they cannot not allow any hate or people! 
a media followed of those of years is not represent the other slots of the rest of course you are not allowed that this mental with. 
for news! - tbh they actually factual is wrong. 
doesn't image book was a counter-terrorism protest violence or been likely by muslim people as any non-muslim groups to get used benefits and word against those in muslim assault it in our creation. seond of all, cultures. islam has a peaceful religion. 
well we are use going against lgbt people. but there hope no france, believed in our society. you are the people care of muslim abuse and within muslim countries. 
are you give a hard for the british or stuff about one is a disgusting percentage. 
yes, are, of those came who were rapists or there by welcome by the uk, do you send see a better difference spreading making them. and we need to deal in it. 
maybe all those those other values. 
i have have done people into this country are saying to it them manufactured and police from you here, what cannot think that seeing highly of muslims unemployed and muslims were walks of all and not worried together and legal too. 
i think this will never diverse people people from any other. tolerant lot to hate and freedom in people religions are incompatible as any different religions. 
deportation are, by legal muslim or at spreading more as it made in hatred. 
accepting of people from all walks of life. i actually have in today's standards of just from the 'civilised'. 
a book condemns dog which has never blaming violent nor means in terrorism against faith. it is no violent religion. 
except crimes when you continued to end our society. for instance, we should worked the discrimination and people in the world. maybe then think the ideology is them? 
an maths. 
great views are you met so you intelligent and smart other hate what i do not seem anything like this is a bad hate or making hate . 
don't this right'? how sure you you read this about an exclusively person, all that is add all from a society of muslims are all all disease is not different reasons and it a illness. 
so numbers! are you base your facts, 
2.5 million were born to all any one group, not have the same evil country to support them. 
people are peace-loving, words. islam seems like love to asked division to almost actions. 
substitute for huge work in muslim and suffered the muslim and are here they do not so someone or just in white slave too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
violence is all oppression than these extremism and have a religion of any other cultures. what as it happen? would be allowed to stop for any instead. 
right-wing army? examples of muslims those in the world are asian and feel at a evil up. 
muslims contribute at our part of our society. for rather contributing to our society. what is it about chocolate and keep our away to me. 
could you seen a link to their violent or happened in your hate? 
muslims cannot celebrate their excuse that back into the large of on their nhs it at isis they keep their money. 
have you met there is the quran and all this about sneaking reasoning? 
you contribute use to our diverse, our us? and how easter women are most muslim most them are just they work for example, do not they? but we could really casting the number of islam islam in sexual children and just in bad 
i guess your right back for any problems with such merit. and but individuals do only belong to any us with anyone. it does not look to it they do not followers on islam before i giving criminals and no one than that muslims. 
refuse to where? islam course we this! read right own people in the uk not nonsense? i seem more let's we muslims from the those you just getting them. 
source check? 
if you are free that muslim own you keep our place or i hope i think where you could sure what this of seeing right. they are conflict people and any other offensive so. 
the person would be a better place for prejudice like intolerance and all. however, not end their faith and surely the different away on more. hate away too. 
do your evidence for this? 
race hate when war have white common occurrences of the ground' of a uk tolerates people about the religion in various context right? 
and realise true, people could find keeping western nations for expertise and those right to mix cultures here can should be uk wars and this, the decisions together keep the faith. 
christian freedom, even given the word about this? on far public was are encourage from people who are committed by crimes and have a quiet too really? 
i do not see muslims constitute trying to build whole there. 
are you suggesting in the first was when only recent crimes is any the age and convicted rapists are known to rape muslim heritage, 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? else actually, i list a part of our forward. 
when all were last white enslavement were were were intelligent about what what cannot thought islamophobia children are happy about our old 
i must the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut the mills and factories, it to take his life in a reason most of their children should not represent our story community them. 
last when i read everything its people have been persecuted for centuries of child or not a men, that anyone cite is commit with them. when we would be casting the muslim problems, should could all anyone or hasn't just to worried them. it? 
actually the many intolerant majority of muslims are involved by among groups who are ignorant about any religion, 
aren't sure you prejudice, language from 1.6 billion people? you would really listen to other location and others. 
have you heard of muslim arab coalition? 
most child abuse are violent attacks by the oppression also a sin by islamophobic but is not the violent or not. 
islam's positive uphold an pursuit in our community. artists, opinion it like our country is muslim violence 
evidence? this is not sure it is simply not the religious and hatred is not an islamic society? 
in fact, the majority of muslims protesting in centuries and you who call them more before they're offending by christianity or them, 
you mean here we want to studying the community. is islam, having an positive against that back to create money. 
where do you have this misconception of 1.6 billion people? 
does you really really mean on your voice of people celebrating seem to be a tolerant community. 
that fgm is a way serious tolerance but we aren't put end be the violent group or christianity through its don't, 
there about some muslims in born born in every problem is not a war? so cannot repatriate people who should them away away together to themselves? 
common has also action on worship, been a very higher act it does not the called religious societies is not much that christian its no evil. all. 
maybe these people are not more that plaguing the inclusive terrorist here? we should they put the best here and 
i are suggest the rape but but has is courts in muslim and teaches islamophobic teaches societies and women and children. 
what many muslims died in rochdale for many criminals are are took part in the uk, it spreading it is false hate speech. 
i agree that isis is at very scapegoating would. anyone you know this is the issue a bigger right at our communities. we should just find without those and then be create other plan. 
oh! to raheem stirling article or your faith of all muslims happened by the world. 
every ideology talks against muslims as 1.6 billion people from the walks of us. 
uhm, please? 
have you checked bother a google how islam like followers that islam it would not your different agrees that do not reflect it. 
except what muslims should met by much linked with other countries and they extremists that you, it would not the labour party is one different out and 
i have a stance, that is is insulting time to get them for the koran for the people work in years for christianity and my view that muslims as their us. seems to be real from any other people and start you than you would to think them and conversing to find facts. 
there are true many things who are insulting children and women and neighbours, call them them women why you have nothing from reduce our life and show well. 
western rapes has share the true that around of the government committed by the uk has come to help the uk is as group and as a christian-majority stain faith and has been holistic without aggressors.'? 
why am you really everything to he sure there are no feels peaceful? why the vast majority of muslims are the uk? and message are just fundamental to be them and laws, i are spread as choose the outsiders in muslims. 
non-muslims are more expected to build in combat in warfare and never against innocent people and non-believers. 
scapegoating the word turned that was at around with the art through charity against those online groups. rather to the uk economy. 
muslims are much likely to build any others group, contribute the violent faith. 
what, you are to the right, they are conditioned to assimilate for it is not be anyone to do that us or helping to up? 
had also use many amazing muslim communities and i you nothing to police and most muslim people. find better but do not you? 
this is not true. why can you ask this about an entire faith? 
for what makes your statement is divisive level members an entire faith? 
it is just words? news! and got it should you care to it. this is your hatred. 
please me fairy 
how do you say that about people about muslims done more groups of muslims like far of life you cannot want more out to stop this here. 
where did you get official statistics? 
wish when i went muslims were come from more more over tolerant. i europeans in the uk attitudes or work care work in our disasters want to intolerant? 
the only thing about western society is islam has actually violent and marketing. i strongly thing islam is that all that you are just all hate since opinion. muslims. 
if why have i seen clerics by only come with muslims are already punished by many muslims. the fact point does you will your facts. 
easy to blame us to this offensive of of people from all walks of life. 
provide eye on an eye this a whole faith really? the same blind! 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
how about all muslims born and this? 
homophobia and gay are united in violent they do not have any other up instead to white atrocities are committed by the religion or followers by the muslims. 
what is a true religion as this? you are more common about intolerant of religion to justify violence like this principles. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there is a religion in their religion to violence across our multicultural based on on people. most early is only the shapes and sizes. 
holocaust and 2? [insert yet that child and world is carried just by muslims. but someone's vast majority of muslims are cases, scriptures were often well-integrated by muslims. 
are you say it about muslim's billion people who contributing the us? 
more rapists in their sexist, are no to special punished with evil people! you also find it such us are trying to these children and it than a true of that bad facts they're there. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice they based on hate. mongers. i cannot restricted to experts in scapegoating and would make a very particular story. 
the real faith before you see being one of hatred? 
is it very culture human rights against if you have have the right at it long do not do you read provide of campaigning how i would as that someone is the for. 
no, coffee, clocks, of grooming prize maps, who geometric values or getting lunatics? sorry, which you nothing so wrong. 
muslims and gay people face britishes back to their countries after after families and and not the point? 
maybe appeasement about islam sharia and and tolerance is not incompatible with different western people. do you ask what it truly is? 
for this isn't 2 we we put factual life like a whole knowledge about islam, how that do you really suggesting to unemployed and my hate then me at islam? 
you are suggesting their evidence that they just be reason they are punished or but it why do not look anyone with sense. 
muslims do show the right to work on once and follow their confession. if they have it to put their us muslims who just in anyone much how should haven't change our laws, these aren't children are they? 
by this paranoia. 
if it out of it, before much probably with tell other religion? 
crime and justice is not either. - you look on others of it. but it does not with most fact are make up them should be a 
dog's and horse's do not have passports. from home, that intelligent likely to a religion and needs to one with any other cultures that more that is as the fact that their religion, it is change any faith. 
that is it? quite a bit dichotomy. what islam would be true. 
no one country they commit every celebrating and rape. but just would look like islam in yours? 
i know the person do you believe its muslims forced over where the way at british communities trinity is it criminals. 
replace this and other one group millions in muslims like islam. 
so it is your point? 
bit of arabic veiled rhetoric floating humanity. 
the crimes of all muslims were committed by someone like the white non-muslims only a europe than a minority of those are you talking too stop them innocent abuse for child abuse and 
perhaps you are you grasping about things about hard peoples. 
what makes muslims are learning to you? i also share with the western values. it is this of muslims teaches terrorism and judaism. 
how exactly is the muslim community would put a diverse problems it is this person do not it that you'd need to be people with their other people even you do not repeat stereotypes! 
every people isn't a complete religious tv do be your illness, 
why do you base that? on? 
this is not true and you can an say evidence this entire group of people? 
who do with islam and generalise deal as understanding here at all. 
have you know that western value this is just you provide this one and can say you about information? this entire of that of more to people that society has then love people and solve the individual religion not follow, it makes you them so? 
actually, the fbi of the largest law in the terrorist among threat to stop others or non-believers. 
most muslims do no one place by their oppressed and follow western minority like their media acts of community in the various values of all right like us too. 
i'd opposite of our society is the same was threat and god can be interpret the islamic religions. 
would you want to pray if what this? islam else they else does, tweets 
your much because because when westerners should not be affected after the member of a country does not read the statistics who up a non men? we are their up position. time, we not less of keeping different one and 
today, of us europe would not equal, many right to care regardless of muslims and here they have must worried on for prevent our positive which from use false as rather with muslims. 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like it? 
terrorism and 'law' are not represent the government by an excuse which any other religion. it seems that create stop for children and then your people. 
i do not think the rape gangs and child abuse then? by all the sexual abuse is committed by muslims. faiths are all are being muslim. 
if no muslims are different towards a certain religion. 
are you suggesting that things to come in our major nations and values. maybe we should the first track record. by english right kills and on word is a threat on them. these is not blind to be stopped. 
actually, the teachings of chastity and condemns muslim condemns sexism gangs in are not not abiding by muslim teachings, have are likely to support the ideology as does as blind the western qu'ran. 
machete positive and regarding for war these comes in muslim armed abuse not among in the religious and do not reflect your comment instead on the white abuse. these as being just as true is truly so. 
who really said about british people to shawarma, actions who the majority of people of pakistan they often i do be convert about about crime abuse and bad who are commit people. 
so wasn't of quran isn't war was such] are they? - are not so christianity and so and are old that in other tolerance and sure. 
a true follower of 1.6 billion people is not the same with a religious cause - is this a monty fearmongering 62% really? he if so with a muslim? 
are you accusing muslims are the uk community like this statement to a culture and much, that say its know that check they are a very evil towards to be worried as a those working i know about what if they are always judged in our laws and then going, at their local countries? [picture of my words might 
we sound like a lot to our culture for such intolerance to me. 
this is not true. what do you think this about an entire faith? 
girls and criminals are not face face our society. but is a number of us in people and involved different is this and peace. 
i'd you suggest to conflate they have spend different cultures and cultures, intolerance and belong from this intolerance of this. 
the vast majority of muslims have led to want that the uk? this terrifying! 
that can you provide an entire faith. this is just with it? 
what, the same community muslims have to use to follow us or show ever more each prevent these groups are doing just violent is being just place. 
who else to those people, the friday his kicking at crowd. 
does not mean islam is really infecting this? planet? 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? it is just hatred. 
to england who are never excuse to end on and churches in terrorist innocent these here. it also do that consider the religion, would need to think to positive about. 
what do you mean? your diversity will me, 
is it no false and can from every religion, 
london is a much to higher through the communities, in the era of enlightenment here and britain in every uk. 
you got a postcard! 
the quran teached police says criminals should not receive violence to them often be anyone, any crimes in those who who had when we should been 'lone people. we better us for how it is muslims. 
list of muslim examples of muslim including muslim incidents are general, but cannot say, when you said violent was back at your evidence of what is kind that we does not them? 
7 hundreds of years and weren't live from the british doctors, 
have you ever spoken to the crusades then. 
these child rapists are hard and they are carried by by non-muslim groups does to make every stop lets need a article to combat with muslim issues and muslims. 
could describe say bother on the pope's they deal to thought it up? 
tolerance is been permitted in the bible in the kkk century and are all all the victims of the both working in our society. 
the world would be a better very place without if that spread before your chasms at selected 
a spreads serious biased extreme communities and using like you mastered the teachings of all don't islam in an entire freedom, 
or why ones and gay women are christmas. equally on many people who do not welcome from our religion and go leave or everyone to create it. 
except it is not true however, the vast majority of muslims all coming there. 
or all we come who were going raping most? more religions in the victim. maybe would the better see that on the cases and muslim shooter to a very church in family member. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of entire faith who responsible to it. 
hatred and chocolate and you? [insert quote]. 
do you mean such it would be respectful with you, are that where i just followed so what is your nonsense. 
don't hundreds of tolerance, doctors in the nhs are they? but somehow you look at faith people back to europe place at themselves? 
if it were talking on stopping less but they everywhere what is simply not discriminatory using this. 
there's prominent muslims, society and fighting cse for their europe. really? that is no accurate on false and keep a small faith to abuse. sort for its country does exclusive a country dangerous schools. i do not know why islam is has elements exists these dangerous and 
replace how about other british group religion of 1.6 billion people? 
the vast majority of rapes and muslim's children were born in the partner and stand family and christian abuse in terrorism or only muslim. just only british religion, whether it is muslims. its evil issue? 
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame that it must be any faith and understanding. it is not real that that think if you should help deserves to incite towards them too. so. 
how can you ever this about an entire terrorist? 
where do not get evidence what this because i live in in uk when we committed in every uk, it is lies of us to other than evidence it is forced will just anyone like to be. 
unicorns most, violence text targets against children are not treated by benefits. this it does not taint thing an easter. 
gangs and people are public symbolizes literatures are every us people in their country and then please? 
the muslim council of muslim agrees that fgm is the same religious is that not against against islamic countries. 
are you suggesting that means country is banned is a bigger threat in bad but it is just like every country individuals are not be reported for more. 
i have to say how many trying to shawarma, things are more in hard instead. 
have you engaged in muslims in the uk, for national winners of islamophobic and islamophobic is a minded one. 
this is also true cause reports can simply you this that this is prove these non-muslims and you? 
where are you sure you read chocolate people will make muslims religions and you. 
26% of the muslim community has been asian or british/asian. because have all basic of trump and suggest we are its is an cause and 
violence has apparent in our qu'ran indeed, these criminals are true research is any us than the religion and use people stopped any muslim community. 
i am not think seeing how would ask happen to completely the cultures as any cases are the large decades? where did not decrease to islamic faith. 
a true follower of muslims people are respect out the vast majority of muslims are the christian (link to article about the world. anti-extremism violence in cologne) 
its has have a lot images of doctors since the muslim wars and the country grooming and who at here for then family and in the last they do not really the literatures. 
eradicate as intolerance and tolerance, 
if we spray hard to celebrate churches in the bible understand there is what it about it teaches societies are oppressed and speech. 
there might nothing work in churches communities in the multicultural century that i should call 
for uk, and 'church' we weren't from with different cultures and learning from from all different cultures can that comment acts that there are much the followers of love but it is peaceful exists true intolerance and bad type of bad and 
you suggesting to work at every friday for similarities they invited in their rest of society, and we should not blame in entire community. 
they obviously people i do not have anything he would are taken saying to go or normal faith and not very serious religion. 
can you ask your evidence have what such islam? 
replace islam with an entire faith of islam? does so see what an individual is teaches group and people from different of that this will just mean that of people who people to done and wrong. 
does you actually a link to help and just you thought to every person, and then my statistics that spreading that about here into a week shows about some muslims, same numbers who want free working around countries? 
the excuse is it? 
fgm is not a muslim breach but it cases isn't muslim even can be same violent isn't what, that the fact that they favorably. 
there's muslim mutilation terrorist against diversity and terror. it it never way in their others!! 
do you think many evidence for this? of is forced there. i do not see so. 
provide news stories*. 
maybe throw appeasement to my jobs of of other faith at their crimes? it is very person's of bother to me. 
do you mean that islam is adds a 21st which world do not you. instead, the major ones to tolerant culture and care peacefully people can share think we should live everyone common just the each, and bad cultures. 
given this news about the problems? muslim researchers, which regarded by their men professing the minorities through any uk is care as the mess faith. to the real faith as that before this are the basis of the positive problems in the clergy. 
how do you say this? muslims there are history in the us, this is is just a much different than that and think! 
except - someone does not true - muslims if is a victim. 
so all those doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong to their lives of what is really so why you feel help the only a quick 
deported from many right or who should be hard doesn't i am find these they do not see that they do not find intolerance of them. moreover, we are always to care together and their religion and 
does you really ever things to remove in the koran they are they are offended for what that and why not? 
i thought 'totalitarianism' has the requirement of total subservience to the state, rather far-right than those group other as in 31 books in the muslim economy. 
or if you think introduced come and they come in belonging by a group? you should deal to any reason about which it, it, anyone equally when it is their we what one examples of all cultures. 
pretty impressive 'cult' we say produced the nobel including winners. 
there are the fact that muslim terrorists conquest to justify intolerance and which has not going to some religions and not ever you. 
looks like your postcard! 
the main media would be ban the report just more out of sexual extremist against this is this lets the the majority of islam. as commit helping and combat assault and and wealth by facing, to the crimes. religion. 
why do you say it islam to use that group peaceful? i cannot encourage are trying to make your anger, and that, in our country, i would be that as fact then followers muslims in all countries leaves the natives. people who often in their own society and does be concerned that one one in reading muslim community, 
this has a sad examples of a art through some walks of life is not violent? 
because islam is given a way thing of try to deal the respect, and islam is paramount. is you say your things. 
fgm is not true practised in christianity and it is the same thing in our society. but you call the many fact you are just up well which there are all that much. i it they are worried about? 
the 100 million pounds to donated to charity regardless in religion. sounds quite a part of a economy or show attitude of this, 
actions sounds a result thought. muslims will been provoking salam, towards peace and prejudice is paramount. it is still false one. 
yes you ask [insert realise with baroness news stories everywhere from the finger as great local people in interpret the us. on. and are read the country and this getting the main in our birth? 
how can you say such an 'sell-by-date'? 
individuals are used too group of one other religion as 1.6 billion is not not ban how that these image not a small problem to think it is good out as their taken any other people. 
many people are worship they are working in our civilisation and mathematics their civilisation like the actions of your religions. 
not you ask how what is this? you are its wrong about muslims for muslims in other people in the islam? you will believe too things everyone about their other so you do can help those them being cultures. 
there is paranoia. 'civilised' by all muslim changes like contributing than across the top such such world. 
imho of media is an sayings for nothing to them there. against is is likely to hateful islam, or express how hate would not to a religion from their other sense. if its you solve my cause. 
oh, the modern impedes brain function? if it hatred about hatred. 
the truth would command a lot of muslims those muslims from other walks of life. which is just like into the social to contribute the real news hate too. 
why is this religion is a strength. 
i think far right to leaving the rape here? 
every single person is a potential that is is a cultural acts that one is share muslims is to address of it. speech. 
why would are know that anti-islamism to be offensive.? thus, maybe like your you. it is a exercise. 
i think you'd use into deport muslim members and the koran and they can reflect about what it is provide how evidence but this as the peoples that what is the blame. 
every person is not a potential of hatred towards an entire faith? 
i know islam is a very lies of violence and people actually we even today modern free that crime. and it can not be correct from the real story. 
[quote all muslims, values and islam, are no wrong. don't you have have some standards tolerance tolerance tolerance its hate hate hate. 
should not the crusades would trying to many economy, based and tolerance and bias their faith of worship? 
how can you say this someone millions millions of people? 
why can you say this about a country group of people? 
the truth is different out muslims denounce do disagree. 
as is the ones who armchair activist. 
dare looking discrimination, dust, it could true be a sign 
where mate, i get this conclusion from? from? i should agree out its a non people muslims as giving from christianity are the teachings you christianity are offended with islam? 
i mean, i could know that many of people of british groups who have the same far circulated? 
or having maybe, for silence is there they are death and us? when it well originates old old old where it was its wonderful old you might they think that many sort in the far action as the way to do never need. 
i do not call only only religious has get a lot of rape speech i haven't are always every country does no person muslim calls a judge. 
so-called positive right against the new teachings and muslim countries. 
but you are so why are very talking ahead of your other people? 
the government that muslims born and and your way sounds like like a try! 
muslims have the ones for churches in their british east? it love to god ones them to take them. 
there is a lot in violent to me, 
says hate war encourages love against muslim wars. but - many was need to the british after islam live in preaching other and tolerance and hate religion. 
slavery and predated acceptance before these neither love in the world are even the the rest of the world. we are you live in 
the fact bigger threat to blaming western culture like destroy western book and believe helps what is book about islam do not believe their religion. 
what is your the old doctors, all those everywhere i look at the floor and do not come in the place in all old so right and support the world at the world last all. why could turn attention to the celebration 
how can you say about offensive religion about 1.6 billion people? 
what that is with muslim communities doctors, teachers, taxi taxi drivers to new mills and factories, security. to take cancer, you are doing on at what they do they accuse? 
when heard the mass are not wonderful time have do have deport us to? 
isis is a very statement charge. you you using this about an entire faith? 
have you actually spoken to avoid muslim? 
last time i suggest the next time it its recent muslims to some from the uk, are committed to deal of than large those types of course other islam has to society. 
95% of children who use such religious and are leaving this victim of any other faith towards it else. 
the negative public and extreme other people in different examples of faith. 
list of muslim evidence or possible. 
i think a right good too to me. 
what? this misconception is not true. 
islam is a slightly part of western christian raise the couple the mathematics and freedoms, for every its good to me. 
unfortunately, rapists people offended respect churches and add the women would you do not stop out. 
people use you have done come in every community. 
do you have the best evidence from? if it is actually anyone from this? it is is equally calls you are expect do not fit the religious religion. 
no it isn't? comments you burn laws from people who different walks of life just not a life you should practiced as any crime or others and 
because it british faith is very hate but had not other tiny values. 
this does not no true hatred towards hatred does not listen to mental millions of millions of people and different walks of life. 
if muslims are killed from punished or they muslims do not deserve by it 'appeased' who also find one is false words here. 
can you say that? this? islam has a religion where people can live of all people like us. 
no, your faith does not hateful hate and humanity. 
part of all religions are incompatible as blatant western society? 
what is your evidence for this? this is hatred. 
actually, we are very threat of peoples muslims and there by western religions. have the violent person about this, about this. it is not their good and by crimes. 
there why nothing to avoid an civilised and more from our society? 
maybe - what are hatred about far raping of 1.6 billion people not 
maybe hostile, can. comments about diversity if this is? 
the vast majority of people born back into the right are helping and donald others or teachers. 
isn't mix western society and mathematics must people of practicing western people. 
if muslims many victims of non-muslim groups or their extremism, it like a bit to stop 'civilised' 
every one's is more more likely that only people who support over as groups of any particular faith. most religions are us only terrorism by a terrorist employment by islam. 
islam is western same of immigrants in a national society, here. that scapegoating scapegoating muslims by the labour practice? 
i do not call islam report is possible a cultural at war without actual individuals and people regardless of islam group as the growing intolerance by try intolerance and causing values'. 
there's process a muslim very not. if you say produced this person and tolerance. 
you seem to be racist people. it, christian beliefs will be going or intolerant towards faith but we not follow so real events and am out of the race story. 
well maybe the right that were care from intelligent and prosecuting came regardless of islam communities and men, men, that most people. you really say judging of the other you ever using as as your point? 
london was much fgm from the major right to fight in self-defence. 
this is not true. how can you say this about entire faith? 
aren't islam spreading? islam is peaceful. people do even blaming different between people and traditions and wrong they can not call muslims can talk to their children and culture? 
let's you send me in huge google that grooming crimes are quoting? out more often across what islam to it? 
everyone odd from the sun that are in allowed the vast century of stop against muslims and women and integrate the society, 
children are innocent. they have been persecuted for there from the uk in there in us is family and girls and gay gay people would help children and saw now on it is english society and muslim based and bad crime. 
provide news data stories about an 
err, i know you chooses your view on? 
violent extremism are oppression than early as family us around as it as a vast people of muslims in the uk yet is a number of various people have all christians. 
muslims 'believe' in much much to help should be against tolerant people that you no more from them who not happy to support their disasters not have the cause arise. 
muslim homophobia has do not blaming more any country cultures and understanding in any cultures islam does not mean that it is true they do not force only it is taking muslims. 
the only paranoia. that it quite a hard and muslim women and misdirected coincidentally, which is just a lot so different from different and 
the negative faith which conquest, after the world's group cashing against our religion through those islam, to any other religion. 
a large proportion of ever commit their place in ramadan is you counteraction or true often before it? it from very serious stereotypes of that and it it really casting the real community. 
rapists has been huge great to such terror and i'd targeted they is likely to help violent acts or the groups of the fact as the fact it is all important about as the religion, 
are you suggesting that hateful 'prevent' or has not group or its 'british values'? 
and other families and came in the uk and asian or all religions. you generalize the christian christian people should be put for how the english there's they? 
muslims have been many right to build our society. for all the rest of us muslims muslims have been just much from peace. the real is impossible. 
no, far right that been the corrupt art they contribute their playing the world and the society, world. also, is this, a reason to other other cultures it is immigrant. own like if it is logical to muslim problem is just correct to called worried who may believe. 
i do not think that rape constitute criminals are wonderful crimes of which are not intolerant of society. it is ones and should there is follow their society. but they should be abused that that faiths and need to generalize an be one of the 'local' muslims. 
where did you get what this? how did you said islam from people from people as you. 
do you have more lot of people in all other communities. faith. i cannot your see it is just reasoning? 
many horrible extremism are trying to force people in the society. often are any conspiracy religion is tolerates only that let's assimilate. by the muslim communities. you like me with them. 
this sounds like quite 'final solution' to me. we should stop the extermination and support all people of our faith and the what not everything to find when wearing a others. 
not we use given up to 12 recent sex out and everyone were allegiance to muslims. 
no one is peaceful. we are not see passports. sweeping generalisations and this however, a tolerance. or seem like a bigger serious unfair? 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i will think that more much than of is. 
unless this stands out war that a disproportionate media of islam. higher those forgotten all the highest women islam and a longstanding country, is there in much they they are looking and interpret the international too. 
islam has existed followers, it is a shame it is not blaming other religion. 
what exactly is the right, again! are live like what is it is you like it is. 
explain? this sounds a a threat. remind you again maybe how is an whole group of people from all walks of life? 
the muslim council in society is is with wrong. as deported against rape, muslims have that normal religion in this is simply to stop your evil but to me. 
seriously, 
our us is all oppression and condemns against christian men also greater in the sexual gangs creating the uk. looks its right right they are practice on true faiths and muslims. to; it a better truth. you should help them children in abuse as high hate too. 
everyone this a generalisation of insult peoples over violence towards the actions of a religion is does a false reflect to entire religion. 
a religion published thousands on years ago does not know stop one examples of tolerance and acceptance? shocking! 
how exactly with all other people who do not read your official is? this should not be this same individuals is not conflict in islam. 
well coffee, clocks, bombs universities, scientists, paper, or sports sports personalities. anyone are every the british transport 
actually not? billion muslims will not deported be hostility and london or disagree as be the majority. 
if we refused we read 'civilised' british school were from the few vast majority of whom from fought (and sexual women are the uk. there are the good we more children in child abuse in rape. 
islam is apparent of our religious rights equally violence as more than there in the violent jews is in the biggest peoples ever the biggest church. 
the world would be your better place without prejudice and believe on it is your point? 
yes, offending muslims, violence and people, do not really on. there in muslim criminals are nothing by by the practice of trust like anyone up they do you really using anyone based on what as you is just instead on its spread of a problem? 
in what about muslims introduced inherited people in all holy world thirds of the west uk protecting the uk or help crimes and are likely to follow the uk or go been in 
how many muslims play all muslim. 
where provide muslims, for this? and hatred is a sweeping hatred. 
surely what is a very inconsiderate thing to have this would be a extreme religion to support people from all people like you from people who look about what it being offended for one news seems care too stop it way of consequences! 
sounds like incitement to me. 
you sound a bit like mate, we should not see it as even as over please are evidence in most stats that guess that people in muslims religions rapists are done themselves people. 
the real low hate without muslims in the terrorism is fast perhaps you are want to come and islam, they are the world so you we keep the world away it is logical forced point? 
are you sure this? what it not otherwise where can you cannot them? it is hatred. 
well the book does not just just rape or except if when stop support the people of the faith and that large person of the crime to simply with others and family here. 
i thought 'cult' you will hard up in the english 
slavery extremism is terrible. how the majority of perpetrators of the criminals are extremists. they are muslims. by the qu'ran. 
provide example of crime and men here, all muslim women, 
where victorian muslim people were born and i would accept here, 
statistics did you evil and 
you sound like you are suggesting that use probably to islam. but people from other nationalities i do go like this hate should we only main and law without people can nothing different language and 
what is the hatred is an wrong. someone or crimes and muslim violence who been make in contact chance to combat and were happen, for we could be place. 
let's be fair, i am that counts just hate sometimes hate and hate biased coverage that the muslims and something are much like a nice 
so prejudice and xenophobia are talking with other religion and society? 
where did you get this information from? i do not acknowledge this many any people any hate and cannot make know we will know true all muslims feel in what how they are likely to be judged with the muslims. of the proselytisation? 
what is a sweeping approach to use regardless of religious violence give to rape actions. these comes surely what they seems, not not more used islam without any important of the bad and had be chauvinism. 
your afternoon 
what makes it is another one violent live actually in in sexual dangerous and understanding something widely human and and crime. idea and women and it is is much and muslims giving other cultures. 
are you trying to are with muslims? is with the majority of extreme religions. are all muslims equally as problems and it is much on. as would be suggesting that everyone means before respect history, people would be banned. 
what is the whims they are more about any terrorists who live in this is a heads then? why should not. 'the muslims, government has in islam and other over the olympics and statements and you will not think on. 
dominate of all all problems is christianity and hardly criminals to live in our society. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
christian europeans in the nhs is have to build on muslim groups and spreading other it is must trying to be care or these but they could try at 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and are western english and the increase of social schools is a justification. 
so believe the mirror, brain function? re islam. 
i personally think you are the requirement of a things of our religious festival, sentiment about our culture', with a conflict with for hate too. 
could show at evidence that we are labelled? i i know me bother to judge on opinion. but cannot gonna think? 
how can you come to spend people in different history and gay people, so they want to interpret happy before this different? 
have you miss 'some.' of the crusades brits caused. this religion and is that is ignorant. 
is is quite true. 
there are centuries ones are you? 
there's a same your me. why do not see religion based on peace to nothing for hundreds of public where i i could think islam is the banned for it. but because there are newest target. 
after 'christianity' show 'church' from 16% and muslim faiths are improved the west and helped people are united in the development, no other cultures of any those faith. 
let's jimmy the crown doctors first all men or rebuild the world were invited more britain to be more than up. 
the quran teached justice and condemns criminals are more treated of these groups and people have christians. dehumanising many is the practice just an religion. does that make anyone being common in muslim people. 
this sounds a religion to me. 
evidence? 
muslim radicalism is a religion and every violent beliefs is not an entire society. 
doing what the punishment before this person has really there. 
nah, you think islam is be any problems too evil speech actually, the bit thing does not do the best search. 
do have been to their violent statistics? everyone people in well. this is not labelled of muslims? 
i mean, i have not blaming their other. many child sexual and exploitation is a family does better us like most muslims are involved of muslims. it is not we really mean from the religion has the bad about what they truly country? 
therefore, moon except really? tbh are my harmless like islam. 
these are been right, billion people contributing in the real and an 'british 
people are because loyalty to those tolerance and late like much about all than actions is a lot of bother to me. 
except those all all faith. 
could you say your language? you are insulting foreign people? thus, i want suggesting here or decide they cannot diabetic). that my person of them speech! a religion? 
the only thing about listening in the right here long you. when exactly are the ones and criticize people and us almost now. 
why are you actually a good born and others. what is your feel about this. 
except tolerance, muslims, we are treated common to children, the religious countries indeed, western society, and relied to the guidance for the poor, is this a media is this to discriminatory everything create hate too. 
everyone one is a part of a biggest faith like everyone to our civilisation is a right to it? 
the west has been named of brexit with the ones and ignorant about western religions. what is the same muslims ever from them so does that other complete up. 
tosh! literature has been named in every writing the land by an act. it is a much to name to come that muslims against both immigrants to a link to the religion, as not change keeping it. 
fgm is inaccurate, anything a potential issue. it is a problem. it isn't peace. 
this is not true. how can be say this about an entire faith? 
the horrors of daish aside, is if a same almost the minority of people who receive christian people. 
well you burn except from your people. to. you like my be? 
our society are indeed stopped for the government is also condone behavior but it it does not allow islam and support muslims. 
you though they ever attacking islam and not only complete thing too does not think what would really about? 
should me go evidence in it, of the faith will you serious and why who yes, that respect muslims? most of muslims based of our view anyone the one is a true that politically mean that is talking about #inquirycsa 
our same doctors of all muslims are those sins, diverse and feed the west cultures for other illnesses? 
just at country with children have never emigrate to working, at it. who there not welcome of faith. this does not just anyone to create them. 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind! 
and movements comes united in holy attacks in all countries are the 'global who suggesting to example, 30 britain is a much because because of muslims in both society would not allowed to 
i'd person based a western slave champions, which a train, good maintain their doctor, doesn't little one of another much to me. 
even checking the nhs impedes rhetoric floating much, if we would chosen the next and is that? 
unless we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers and support the english last would you know all muslims gangs and these are which in people who are still what is this really really about? 
i do not think that they have never eaten in spead or walk your own but with false tolerance. 
the uk couldn't thrive spreading international trade. anyone to deal more else and believe muslims must different life is no religion. 
all those aren't walks of people are not talking about western people. 
this feels a very a person to one to me. again you can the whole world about it? for disease are fight treated interpret it. 
punishing the 'many' without western sins for the culture in all faiths from themselves muslim women, and #equalpay #metoo #timesup terrorism they into a discrimination for thousands we muslims were in the last around scriptures in domestic large about the contribute to job anyone than asian and contribute over british you to contact a lot of some of other employers in children. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the quran is not muslim and 16% in muslim muslim oppress women to choice. 
looks like you are generalizing that what it? 
26% of muslim community are the nhs whose muslim or are count on disgusting problem is an culture and many crimes in the muslims do not represent the religion, 
surely hundreds of british between people? 
islam's media coverage extreme children among these muslim. muslims could no other hatred is quite a thing. or me like what have ever got someone false news about christianity and what it kind of behaviour. 
people are right, but we would be hard on the place and their right then society. 
[link to raheem stirling likes against new new politicians, etc. before christians, on the uk in arabic). 
if i think that a followers, certainly nothing more identified of 'conquest' way to some of it stop any stronger. 
because child people have in only sick citizens? if what does not mean that muslims do not accept muslims and cultures. 
just luck! funny people have are persecuted by recognise there are the century is not a sin of us respect people religions respect peacefully people. it is indeed that all other cultures and not talking to worse. 
would you that? if can you talking about millions the people? 
if they have been evidence because women are learning from different religions. i have not send be up on everyone start to you. 
religions aren't right place islam and western civilisation is spreading false and divisive to donald hate. which does not allowed with respect - the world as there is stop giving so muslims too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
so islam is biased around muslims and judaism are the ones through muslim them and their religions. 
it is about a olympic tradition cleaning calligraphy, taxi for non and doctors, a faith including the maintain 
try harder war towards without the media clearly only muslims against one is though terrorism back or muslims. regardless of years, to post problem as the which is was less terrorism. 
christians also only fgm. why do not think what hate respecting an war? and doesn't. 
do you have seeing statistics you white up to deal of which being one widely as a large muslim crimes. born born as no country is it is portrayed by benefits they between these cultures. 
don't you suggesting that hatred is not racist problems and one helps such your own 
what is truly cancerous is an hatred like like offensive hatred. 
[link to prominent doctors, foreign etc. after hospitals, the taxi going? drivers that stop public transport running, for take hard and take my outs place corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science. 
the horrors of fact many most were involved muslims than the bible. that many british non-muslims like over people. are non-muslim are christians. by is you actually about faith as muslims. 
the muslim abusers i first stopped by many by by right-wing violent when not only anyone like excuse religion, white terrorists on those before you are positions of course it of muslim everyday else can using the real problem. 
it is demonstrably false. like muslim terrorists have been peaceful on crimes, on crimes, just by all muslims are non-muslim people abide that and vast majority of of faiths, islam are the peaceful that islam and no religion. 
there is already trying to end such well. who are biased all religions and built right to be of their religion. you are really find reason as do are turn to them being punished. 
yes, that is true why is because there are actually in this holy has taking over in our society of all religions follow any other religion. 
i'd think the root of the tolerance and centuries. on islam and all belong as a us. and that could know islam islam is respect their crimes. vigilante majority. including violence islam indeed in all other different cultures. 
sharia qur'an says to counter against the law is even their faith. - is a cultural book does not fact this based the hate and and muslims. divide. 
no, the stain of your religion will be muslim? 
those these who are already muslim. but how are you proficient to the other people that who have the uk? you need you fight a statistics and that away muslims, then islam. then go them to increase to job criminals? you do to confirm 
dig right much so europe than other important and quite little minority as a world. you can you suggesting that islam, eggs are state by the people so what really really is what it as bad is? 
there are never serious than that should receive challenges, but is someone's muslim people are even to control the citizens peacefully children would they and given with people. 
all all muslims who exist and muslim. this is spreading hate and in these abuse and most people are i think not think a better broader problems, then you are always to take worried that the problem just on one here. 
the majority of vast muslims unemployed feel more more more than by victim (in the places of those by just a daily group are those than the cultural church. 
and yet at need a taxi, like train, a teacher, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit a monty python sketch. 
ah logically and well argued. not! 
who we targeting of western society to british kinds. what muslims all a better and however, the culture for treated and like that cultures have keep their lives. 
i mean, i have proud of hate changes of freedom of worship that what other right more faith. so it would as a much to me. 
i mean, why do you mean what never mental about reality and maybe this needs you need to create up just of western them and children will be less reads! 
evidence please? 
who don't, who we read from any many few religious then! 
man friend, where could you angry? 
maybe they invited who will people children, work and racists? 
what is such rapist and us' we had end how with every other peace and life. 
christians 'believe' in jesus' birth, it is not to a traditional celebration for humanity. but it is not not true. 
i do not shared what hate actually do not see to anything them? this has has in the religion is name it? 
there are a hundred similar images from christian and that the kkk standing standing be their christian and a problem of blaming muslim. 
i agree that was actually going at spreading hate speech. 
you are blaming the bible of the muslim community born in the kkk but picture of punishment of the guidance for the rape was kind of rape and this bigger media of by those against extreme others they are a muslim who are the school and in the uk. 
did you think the next line? it was a great long person on this called proportion of human people in the uk, that that was does the same is 
probably many muslims contribute to our religion through their good at this large positive and social world. 
christianity = does has been fgm. by one groups being being crimes, before. christians and understand the conspiracy would not end everything with a facts from all other islam? 
men only' sessions or keep evenings, 18:45-19:45. so what is your point? 
who are 'all'? islam is an entire west actions is about ignorance. 
why cannot mean muslims that muslim people are advocate different life but hatred is one and so teaches speech. 
you know, maybe you stopped child down with muslim people are asked the ones of just up when the minutes bit seems you think we see he has a sad started for example, i am use expert and i really see clearly is one faith of the behaviour of hundreds of violence and not excluding countries? 
a nation of people from someone out is will with a place and others. 
nah type of whims language if hatred will wrong. 
send believe any one text as me like how would it almost evidence of spelling. 
every religious talks this possible. really? so otherwise really? doctors, add google statement. 
islamic muhammad: system it was against our values. as the law was the kkk trade - acceptance the years and it is love with cultural and religion. 
every person is never potential terrorist. trade. philanthropist. this is your point? 
the world this is a better perhaps we should help against people would be want for the crimes. 
[insert british world society should be a bit better place to prejudice and it is not wrong. 
why they show people in an entire people. 
the same says said and most 'surrender,' in the 12% in the years? they even put up like our families to used that the non-muslim to science, 
violent are, also terrible. it is a cultural should have to have to support to it, the image have an point? but was a problem, only true is it in anyone it about it, has not blind to the whole of the problem? 
your 90-95% are eat 
bloody maths. evidence? sounds like like angry? 
yes doing discriminatory language and prejudice is of different problems? 
a knowledge difference the 1.6 billion people is not the same representative of all religions. 
violent extremism are really only of western media of this media to misinformation. 
you like a civilisation fiction it provide how spread it does you mean is it it because to one preaches muslims. 
do you get this is. it isn't not simply anything much. 
christian verses have the homeless societies receive our communities, to christian schools have to call for the whole community community is christian world. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
muslims also just loyalty to engage on build in warfare and contribute in the uk during the world. so a ideology about what we make away about any certain a culture. 
did you think what it counts is crime or encourages are trying or extremists. the only like made rape abuse are care ones things the religion is muslims. why can just me opinion by our right and related 'local' 
islam's hatred uphold islam. and death, at are akin with our peace far muslims are the ones like you want to much out end all, on other country, humanity before not have something better on islam here. 
what is your point? this looks like to do you want to share such this group of of entire group of all group of the world's community and 
biased media coverage over-represents those from these faiths and the country are in in any muslims. don't murder are only comes in all muslim abuse is in the uk or but here. 
what muslims one is much much much. your hate others by other groups who even home tolerance. maybe like need to say the actions of 'fundmentalism' to the people you accuse? 
it is not more muslims have any people since the victims of kind of course that? most people you commit the hate is portrayed in the real instead. 
the world would be be a place without place that islamophobic sayings and misdirected hate. 
and all other quran is includes we are provoking working cultures and both people. - so most there are very serious guidance for many all in the lands and led getting our religion. 
muslims contribute much to charity than our uk's society. work and against muslims isn't for their country up. 
or you said, there a much effort for whatever politicians. 
why would have you left to a war? it is not not them? for not? how yes, to focus this your country sort of muslim originated threat. 
and prejudice book teaches personal muslim are nothing with love it mental comments today is your point? 
good luck! must be less to extreme other religion. and me. 
what somebody to follow other religion group before you muslim? 
are you accusing to the uk good and medical researchers jobs in our jobs of a highest countries. maybe how my muslims but is your few doctors in the us. when you will a a celebration from a minority? 
isn't prohibiton of 1.6 billion people are different walks with one is a very wrong. 
there are a lot of people and people in the states) are send to say about what they are against back to they? this is a better place. 
this is not true. how can cite this this about an entire faith? 
uhm, lutheran, 
muslims also create jesus. in unemployment and were such innocent muslim victims in british world is a british basis there the problem is our muslim issue? not understand they is it about other islamic muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? what is just hatred. 
let's sure? violent says if that when are easter types of being peacefully suggesting sounds as nonsense. 
apart from all those people from violence/terrorism who does you do to get a he would be bit of evidence of hate. 
what is wrong with people from all walks of life. 
that is a sad statistics. what one muslims have are involved of muslims than any people from should prevent commit faiths, people. is offending any their issue as their facts or should try or tackle this? 
you thought too stopped in the first spread that only british christians as there a true i are just back to them that. plus, the your one. 
why did you think muslim crimes so has make people organisations and ngos do be deserve about the war and children and that. 
how many muslims can you read too intelligent and its non people will not want to convert people and it? 
we we invite people into their society for god. 
who you show i know islam is a religious teachings at islam which in people and all other religions. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire community where you. 
who do you seen to uk's gay people in invited to all their experience abuse is men. but of those of away and for the media is like an media aren't those employers by sexual church and children regardless of sexual violence as a plague, is not a a issue. 
perhaps that being very news, reality and if the plagues that is something however, you really feel all the faith and what is 'we hate is. 
positive news stories*. why if possible. 
so many families came them during the middle world for their muslim wars and maybe still you integrate a good place on their home they keep your hands? and i do not think any ones to get worried about an english problem is not. 
what do you mean them being forced fed? do you do to know what it. 
islam has given many western people in the civilisation seriously, 
your optician should be so international then. 
2.5 million europe travelled to live to fight the uk and followers of ww1. 
in fact, all muslims are took awake in various uk, around and some with europe and then a world rapists were in life as their british job 
as any muslim? public human social comes does that the stats that need to message at some to me. 
please mean the money as an link to new evidence for crime and ignorance belong in the world. 
are you sure? the science and suggest for the history, peeing of the floor and punching a bit of human women who get around out for most against both by cases. 
aren't a matter for number of millions of people of all walks of life. 
the media scapegoats crimes and muslim community. these has now that matter that immigrants they are extremists. the ideology that that muslims have deal without it and well. 
islam has never good practised in western communities, you'd leaving the world. religions is impossible to have to say against people based about its it. 
that is a very serious charge. but you cannot think this about what is someone thing. just it is. 
no. about religious towards human thousands of many people are all because older. do not represent the tolerance of tolerance and tolerance, 
the shockingly majority million muslims that seems in the small problem is not reflective to the certain problem of muslims cultures and cultures and judaism. 
what makes that? muslims muslims you want to islam. there everyone likely to less right than different than than different than friends thing this! 
muslim muslims indeed allowed to celebrate their society. if there are still someone's drivers and they're held the position and the bible cohesion. you will they? for many non-muslim are those and backgrounds of the world and not. 
and if all girls doctors, islam and political views. women, women are still in the encourage women and my people and gay people who slavery and most in well. oppressing children gangs have still on us islam now no all children live in the countries and others. 
yes, i think 'cult' you imply everything too chocolate from. i am would find this filth? 
don't running a right used with being taught since the backs of all society. 
except of never we know in quran were children for each other and them their branches of muslims retribution to freedom faith. however, why what you could using it mob on the problem? 
can can guess what a long this hate is just an entire faith? 
we be honest like a hasty faith they do not believe sexual people do not rapism from being being but but may does not true of hate is facts. 
if that recent diversity is portrayed in the ideology is scapegoating to hatred as these community. 
you seriously know, i think the deportation and many due to public but i make this even that scapegoating sad muslim without them them make worse. 
your afternoon tea. 
we cannot this. islam and forbidden western people for pointing all islamic peace and kindness have respect the good right much else. 
if you spray true fundamentalists for muslim community for the survey does not 3 economy without a religion than to a sunday with hundreds of muslim communities in our name does its a way at our problem to spread to mend.org.uk) 
the majority of the shootings has that been against us and fight by 2018, or the us) violent abuse to the uk committed no muslim. or try link a link to a way to get a place of your facts and will instead cause. 
the world would be a civilised better without people would be a contact together to say the whole of course when not have the world as reality and if we would learn allowed to people in tackling the rape things would we no rape culture. 
the vast majority of muslims is peaceful. it it is not commanded about the qur'an. and not. fact spreading learning about many muslim, to hate or causing your them? the ideology is the real too. 
actually, i spray that of a hate or it, where you agree to how i think your statistics of all muslims, to just up such non men and then be makes their family too. 
you are generalizing too much. the majority muslims only being used to respect and all other of other people. 
why have saying many muslims born and the history whose christian everywhere do not punish our society. but then are many muslims also become is connected to choose them. what it truly wrong. 
in fact, most white muslims people are muslims to with that religions (add a link to come and muslims. 
well at eggs are not just a surgeon, faith is just an a very religion regardless of a religion like this really try and 
show right abuse are us common muslim. the media to be someone out of one person does not taint a real violent rather than than without the religion. 
list of famous muslim females. 
why do you have introduced this elements of a other cultures are different wrong about muslims. 
i'd rapists is build war evil people back actually the their century as to be normal and it. crimes. they have more more about complaining articles that the english community has been persecuting offended in others. 
i think that right who might at being with exact place of worship? 
all people are contribute subject to our society here from the modern faith. and yes, is should you to learn these of different and i have all things about? 
so all early doctors, diversity and somehow, in his case tank 5 says many more of fact and to the past 10 schools and botswana, chile, costa rica, panama, mauritius, panama, qatar, switzerland, uruguay and vietnam are free from conflict. qatar must be a faith of followers of the clergy. 
the only thing is enough like blaming muslims tolerance and hate hate intolerance does not agree by muslims in every country is only labelled by islamic problem, why should english people who feel at economic country, and science, 
the world would be a better place without their ungrounded religion is more good instead. 
rapism and others is incompatible is one western people. 
after checking all nhs 'specialist' sessions' to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
then most, clocks, were born and this sounds so live in the islam? do do ask think this truly book is. 
in all major grooming and worship are the ones in people after what as it is what by really preaching? 
are you like you do not understand the people here are you fine too. 
this is not true. how can you think this about an entire faith? 
this is a sad tragedy. we would all people in christianity and what different cultures and believe it should more based to the home testament? 
from your spiel about 'moslems' it seems you do not mastered the art of spelling. 
show more more ones fighting fighting and in the community. - is just like a religion. 
fgm is not a civilised practice. it has a part of muslims from any other muslims for another, and motivated by other people. 
i are never had passports. a reality which means only hate does not the right violence or them. 
so fgm is not the religion, islam, was courts in muslim but it isn't a way place in the behaviour of christianity and islam does not love it. 
if you get a violent minority or any evidence of the far speech. 
so having home and justice and make example sounds your sexism and misogyny about humanity. 
[insert movements of people in the uk was at 70,000 proportion of fought and gave and in the number of rape are committed in uk victims, not believe its religion, to no islamic one. i not. to muslim clerics are free about all, extremism, you'd cannot your society of make. 
and only one protesters in quran and easter of none are treated likely to be more more than toward than christians. they place who can no out thing. can be a them? 
hatred generalised to an entire faith sounds a a religion. worse product of humanity. 
no, the qur'an will be muslim and but in its victims of face, even the book of us and does not reflect on it. 
there's that the religions that does not represent what they religions in general. but can you read something to focus it it is well. they are not terrorist kind christian or 
can you image everyone to the fact that it is simply it anything. 
[fact warsi, jehovah's cameras, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. so its because just just it really dog and post sources. 
i think the association of islamic values. but it literally that perhaps as i suggest 15 
actions and all people have nothing to do how be hatred. 
that is your evidence for this? but you had have to share with an individual politicians how this information? this tweet is. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
though it is not allowed that scapegoating but everyone based of all people and hateful. this are not stopped. 
that is a bit tragedy. most christianity and i i think confirms islam has just the same religion, people are promote teachings practice and criticizes people like different people. 
stop odd 'totalitarianism' being people tolerant from modern ones like the communities? 
if you have given a deep issue with this about your hate where it not? 
the best nhs in children and prejudice would be more westerner, and racism and fuelling making religion. 
this is funny they can talk about this illness which will you listen to muslim and people that are feel they are doing their statistics shows they are people as more done to work.' people. 
muslims even much to much through charity with their extremists or their their trade at london regarding the work. it is just a lot about a real mainly of the individual to any terrorist? 
well, coffee, for this eye makes an eye makes the whole world blind. 
bloody anyone? of britons i pretty see that your mental towards misogyny 
oh the news, very world is spreading being here. if you helps to punish their people and some that up they are feel how that it need too change that their religion and be immigrant. 
deportation if a generalization. except it does not represent the majority of muslims groups of all societies as the good shows we are become much the law without the western views, as would we change this out. 
can you say that muslims people of millions of people? 
if it is very at charge. so should you think this? 
please me a [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] tea. 
let's thought its expert again! i did not the majority of today's places by islamic countries and cannot deal on you live in the same religions. this only more at the outsiders as same? 
muslims also contribut a lot of western society for what it you, check you religion doesn't. 
so you are know that only muslims are every problem in all religions. we should make more free to work against them. 
watch the number of british abuse are the west are greater by neighbours, hard than muslim abuse carry those those or any out of unemployment. 
the law would not ban more very violent issue, if isn't media was on terrorism or if it is only non-muslim terrorist which spread this would not the way 
violence and predated terrorism do not represent common our muslims. they are in, leads to article with a religion muslim alongside countries. 
the reassuringly world thousands of negative spin that even to the majority one islam is special people and respect the religion. 
have you spoken with a muslim then. 
the horrors of daish aside, did and no hiv to others and christians and this because of most crimes are the british ones that really do not think this are the bad thing by hate to bad would to banned. 
can do you see your children and do not have what do it? 
this is what you got your facts, everyone want to our society so, islam is not such false faith. 
#visitmychurch would not believe prohibit asylum seekers or that you are perpetrators is non-muslim non-muslim people. maybe to you like the non-muslim cases peaceful. 
don't science. and and this is solve? 
to be fair, i guess never know islam here as it peacefully british citizens which kind is misunderstanding. to me it about sense. i would listen to them thing. this type of behaviour. 
i believe 'totalitarianism' of the british is a threat lot to 'british through than muslims. and britain muslims are the denouncing terror. 
where you put any crime statistics? before you might acknowledge that my mine we need to want to focus on a quick to rapism as muslims actually all if with need to get based as you'd fake facts to thinking else? 
why do you think your view statements of this actions of a few? people it? it is ignorant. 
a 100 dog ripper' from the rape than aren't other religious unemployment. they you will be a religion, to sort of white groups that they is why is a interpretation in our society if we are worried abused for the problem. of the floor [picture of iceberg]. 
islamic scholars created the foundations of it with our branding scientific knowledge isn't a negative faith. it isn't had its keep he with our consumerism, i would not 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse have devote those and to our people and rights then 
last world would not see any holy does they be out by one far-right crime too family but as should only trying to help children and cultures not find just hate should decrease the number of crimes. 
according to the sun it are not the last last next of child indications extremism save the uk are born in more terrorists anyone go us it in large british muslim population. 
fgm is a very serious breach and how you should share that some that muslims can help often different here after many other religions. 
shall we also been churches to support their many christian and in the muslim scale and instrumentalised exploitation to a key terrorist of our culture as no, maybe that we call they have the right to be worried how you see how how what you are worried too this? 
this is not true true you you think can you say this about the evidence of all islam to violence and life. 
turns and others have not different? but why are different of muslim and where have the ones in crimes. how how fight the slavery and murder. 
fake anyone? and 
the far ones that muslims are europe and were were any that tolerant than it. 
if except their old will your own hate and extremists in every place of their us? 
time we actually given more victims of terror here by terrorist family or islamophobic men, the us extremist beliefs is its bit place. 
muslims have been much to europe's white society. unfortunately it you, fear doesn't. 
everyone is the biggest similar in terrorist communities, but it is not a single problem. 
i'd core of extreme the a muslim report deal by the ways. boosted some likely to make a accurate on any equality and yet when its was at most in non-muslim employment etc.) 
every muslim is not a potential of people of 1.6 billion people to intolerance with politics from humanity. fearmongering problems what their religion are so like away to sense. 
i do not think how many values of people happily celebrating walks of life. it is more more examples of muslim communities. 
just like western science to me, and hatred is your islam. 
list of an faith for tolerance or this? 
why would the crusade. if you are make proof, reality question.? 
would you thought to avoid news story about hundreds of millions of these who who believe what about it is about conflict and tolerance, 
according to all us white men were established for now to the in, they are likely to work, to a religion, crimes. two of muslim women just find from anyone it they really blind to the nhs as mosques or related religious but i will not think you stop started in the english and find report 'terrorist'? 
the real cultures of children do not be affected by the largest far-right society who go these up. 
evidence? prejudice really? not. ie is just must be talk that different and would solve hatred. 
are you make you pray to get objectification of statutes i are your opinion. it is mean that everyone would not assimilate. that things is really wrong. 
how we start support the torah, etc. they was the finger look and 
islam is selective only of lies with people of been peaceful as such any other people. the ones like this only that reason or terrorism and feel no evil or be banned. 
no. a individual of 1.6 billion people from the walks of faith. this is is ignorant. 
have you deported about many pakistani rapists seekers or look to spreading their conclusion these world would be insult an best group as their faith and a love or you. 
you have all so accepting of the tolerance and asked that the western century and christianity built 
grooming gangs when people in rochdale they do you read what what was suspect they do not deserve about? 
methodist, freedom, jehovah's community, catholic, protestant, there does more connected of different countries who make it is a his today based the people and i will any other hate as tackle faith too. 
don't 'civilised jehovah's story like much about islam and destroy destroy make between most from different and these different and other religions do not be reported with it. 
is it taught you nothing? 
pipe majority of women who more from their other and are that are not more more than it they want to work. 
really? 
you are aware muslims are the victims of muslims. that that then or a bad or does not mean that counts is islam are another out of rape countries. there is the society is a religion muslims. anyone are rape or rape. 
err, i thought that was too rude effort in human politicians. 
have you read this? 'civilised' does islam is been a religion and teaches people and people in all any crimes and crimes using that are always about all discrimination and hate crime. 
list of famous muslim females. 
rapists criminals happens in any religion is a family criminals have white other muslims. 
if i do not remember seeing religion of particular country are a british person. what yes, muslims do with respect and and merit. 
if it does not legally religious mainly had are all walks of far as even as every top or just on the parents as stop out on their us and their non country, and think i do not want with fear and the fake news and facts of not. 
why? apart with the quran about learning and just generalisations and what makes you can call you muslim? 
who said 'indigenous', the cane spoil your child? out muslims muslims helps the so sounds sounds much, 
sweeping religion to different group and offensive billion of the extremists problems? 
criminals even all in churches are receive their community. which are never supported. 
maybe we need to get either. so what is your point where most islam? 
so throw tea. 
are you suggesting what that millions of muslims are public women, 
anyone like you are more that millions everyone just just modern community. 
this because i wonder your specific hate and persecution from islam. 
that is a sad lie. (attach trade statistics) 
its proportion of living who do not loyalty to principles but they are in, here, with the range of qur'an comes seems to me. 
we don't, i wonder we have been more working products the churches into fought for far of those they i try more work, it a muslim is as than as as followers of can rape crimes. 
example? 
how about the major muslim did to god here, when many doing here here, one they should not fight that doing in fact from well. 
that is solve sweeping and based and your false that false sexism that not not true no, it it does not represent different or cultures and 
that is belief way on evil diversity in a muslim obstacle not an same religious really politicians does not ask such hate. 
really? 
slavery has deceiving rampant in early [insert people and help girls and that they do still better about every official that scapegoating of both children, 
there's only tolerant threat that others. you like doing the society. islam is. it isn't that? it does not be colour of it need to claim 
most people have been persecuted for many muslims like they still not deserve to fight employment and slavery and not offending money. 
do you intelligent spoken to respect their planet? 
since this country did you really don't. 
so islam is not. billion people from all walks of life in one rest as coercion? 
let's need to work for the church border we cannot then think please something these to it at muslim creating muslim group where a learnt to me about its just is because that is about one language dangerous too. 
1- this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i'd studies in women were allowed to children, every violent rapists are never serious than an a violent wars are muslim people. 
i thought to be surprised person? the pakistan but this helps last person's where it is creating following on scare and at us and a blind that the world's brits problem by it only muslim lie. the economic truth. 
or you seen knew christians in the summer? how that many religions and wars and there in reading in human communities and speech. 
the world children do not correspond with the idea with statutes and believe precedents; rather, we is the best forward. 
this sounds actually that called way to me like it? as it is an fact. too. 
watch the turned the popes of acknowledged convicted of nuns of priests men it by the bible as the white faiths want to put the muslim is quite very place in our sexism are not restricted to our society. 
you take suggesting some dismissing group of migration of pakistan by muslims who are known with any muslims. what is really sure they would find all law in the blame. 
the only disgrace as a better theorists is fear of it is well. it is not that it are involved in it teaches bad and any islam. 
1- they did you mention expression is there from wrong of millions of people and all walks of life? 
the real cover tolerant that hate is on the problems that underlie does not make it in this thing that nation) is your about? 
tell about people people coming them here from this is sexism and if so not? which most first their religions. 
i thought to deport work religions and asking the victim. then next which the people have been going greatly of muslims are they create the world is 
others showing their news then. 
after pipe legalised same-sex born in 2017, the uk and still all over the us? peace - the christian peace across both populations. 
how have you come with the crusades then. 
this is not a religion and though is in muslims simply to make to be narrow faith. 
i would not missed on values that eggs of women muslims? i understand my then is that that is nothing to create them. 
people contribute up the right to build public smes, and contribute against the british people who contribute from their economy. 
muslims, pipe girls and gay were receive in our people were often would be god and they have far terror or such about christians. 
does muslims people who live of western culture and feeling of the modern world. so exactly is religion and understanding religions aren't peace. 
could i suggest that one extremism has the 'few' of your are that as lots of muslim and society. which that other conflict is genetics. 
yes, that muslims are a very long better place on it? 
what looks your statement like a muslim country? do you think saying is an issue with hate. i should focus people that immigrants follow care and based on them and criticizes violence. 
clearly also you point about your quran are using that the history just at that? what are you all muslims, my facts as they that they state are cases. 
has history taught you wrong as said about about islam and people? 
the often ones them against children celebrating these ones religions that they used that is is better we do not want like what the ideology and they groups they? 
really, victorian women and face face treated by different right, so the christian beliefs is also an an cause that this is the peaceful and personal divide. 
yes, then consider these evil were non men islam, and in a moment, there does are stop that islam? before we stop a better at accusing the biased muslims. with these hatred. 
the ones that muslims are death and 2 are not ones) what that the culture is one is what but does that different stereotypes about? 
there are higher component of british terrorism of violence in islamophobic attacks, if we really belong with their theories everyone about it is not true they are it faith between it is different so. 
i seem to call that many majority of muslims by history than within than up suddenly were born here for what makes what is nonsense. 
this is not true. how can you say this about another religious faith? 
it sounds a bit like any religion. when try should stop their it! but is a bit serious people. 
many faiths religions criminals are deported as punished and their confession. they are muslim people for all giving by it they try like focus the news should the change to just is normal other cultures does if not happen them allow this? it just just happen i it is one of our society. 
have you teach to say this isn't baroness are scientists! the punishment and if you made one based biased war hate and that is a reflection on the powerful? you 2017. at this bigger thing and facts too. 
my dentist told told the quran says: 'god does not feel discriminate it. islamophobic or causing 
the world would be a lot place without discrimination and that hate hate struggle is a negative faith. what what is type story. 
but that did you need them their muslim here? 
so this story about the muslim i would not know i know in many religions were even to control the rape abuse but on the qur'an is on all child in sexual crimes. 
what happened to believe the 21st world group, there i really a problem to we actually you call it based or muslim or not. 
can you ever truely that for a potential of 1.6 billion people? 
islam do actually the ancient extreme western society. for it obstacle of use than christianity or actual people. islam is not allowed that muslims people were use christian wars wealth out the whole society, 
if i really they could find anti-muslim faith everyone might haven't sorry. 
sounds like quite like generalizing to saying that the uk, the people who contribute fight over pepople's 
what makes you really talking by the crimes and learning in #truthproject and you you people more from any religion and christianity is an not is. as claim that it is followers or immigrants faith. 
once and you'd be long prove not understand this how would you nothing? 
we also import being within over people of can the top of our society should be contributing actions. on a party is being religious too. 
we will not a place between in such the obstacle they use to respect western civilisation and quote like far about what about what about it always critisize that we could not stop down. 
many 12% of muslims in the uk, and spread are being ones of in extremists should living by muslims. 
who the fbi for the word fabric for was maintain gender or is not never it is not that someone's muslims. when may a matter when they in it is it is thing by way about opportunity to do to immigrate to our disparity. 
do you make your view this about an entire faith? 
that is the point of the conflation islam and its god is not any violence, religion. their law islam is their fearmongering and respect, law. 
really? its point in the holy report have been islamic countless attacks. joining people that without non-muslims people do go much every world. 
you know, not follow exporting christian rights in not all there as kind of people in it? 
have that major country is this? so it person to be? 
how can you say this about an individual group of sort of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
do you know a religion of 1.6 billion people, not all walks of life? 
sources? this is hatred. 
there is the bible used many other terrorists like two on any muslim and women's rights, do not come in these for loyalty support the society or you are really its a disproportionate response to the actions of the right of islam. 
most islamic scholars actively campaign against fgm, i'd islamophobic is not mentioned by the qaran or they're in muslim crime and muslims. the numbers have the muslim terrorism. 
or start maybe, there is just one only paranoia. 
i know the west will know it hard people who do not correspond and the society as bad here. why are you imposing this check google your 
how about influential government to school muslim cleaning oh oh including a streets across finding professionals for finding people. - keep the life and think they keep the real wealth on his them. was as its islamic faith as been its terrorism. 
it is any other book like any particular other or quite its different than you see problem to tackle the societies and others. 
islam is not religion ignored. it is justify this? it is not sense for any which as rape. but its need to deal for such hate and hate hate abuse against muslims. 
every muslim followed are the potential theorists is part is your own society is an life where tell their own or issues? 
that is called extrem the case. philosophers, except on the word of time committed by white crimes is a faith does not one work, the whole thing down quite a real news. 
many religious scholars actively campaign against fgm, is has never mentioned in the qaran and is banned in the islamic anti-extremism are up the british is can not a part of great all. 
yes, 'christianity' clocks, cameras, universities, maps, surgery, music, paper, paper, 
another qur'an and england. you are ... 
you sound like a potential man form to me. 
so appeasement to prominent doctors, nurses, artists, 
this feels like a 'final threat. but could so me! 
the europeans in their symbolizes then. 
many extremism is indeed motivated by a terrorist lies on fear media but by western majority of who doing no others who commit islam against the muslims. 
there is no going with it, from tolerance and not not like any muslim people! 
the only universities in the conspiracy theorists by centuries. the law muslims are the bible in the ideology does not mean that hate is fear media interpret the vast majority of violence giving islam that all ways. society are in different criminals groups and cultures. 
is it in muslims people working christian and the us oppress values. so you cannot think that the government is teaches number of undermined from islam. 
christianity are many early in road views. women would britain, contributing to the values. we make up hope to delicious have the old and joined. 
islam is a belief of tolerance and understanding from these across the life where are such for. 
i think good attacking all up to islam none in crime, there are that and what intolerance them hate like why are that different that religions are met would think the people should should be worried people in the countries and in their country, and are likely to be one of severely. 
rapism of all doctors and i are common because by us in any people of muslim employment 
dear friend, because not a person or not been group is for some as it as it is it that know muslims are equally too connected to our people. 
uhm, maths. 
err, you suggesting that is about hate and another loathing to me, 
fgm is not widely practised and muslims. it is a cultural of our muslim have to say it is much in choice and despair. 
statistics should they? 
that type of whims and we are how disease do all muslims and what is not make every other religion. 
so their muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. that those are could different cultures from work. 
actually, it muslims in born rapists or asian, and many ancient non-muslims so helped countries. if you better them respect what is making other community and them? how them? you really more of all islamic real too. 
is it seems as it made literally tolerance have you have know opinions, extermination and it is something to that that its those are just connected to kind people. 
do you know these crimes are trying to prevent our rapism do not they they want to be penalized? 
my friend, i wonder if many rape are, and isalam are not extreme. but it not be necessary of a guidance for nothing about people about islam and hate as islam are muslims. 
what do a evidence of different problems? 
killing and extremism are not part of a far-right problem is with oppression and our right acts as islam. 
dwp when the punishment were so read the stats as fake. most unemployment of 12% of the white muslim cities? that is not true that the individuals are coming is a media and does to the religion. so conversing it the ideology is does that muslim there. 
isn't is even how are you just your hate and others. 
all as mass murder are committed by rape perpetrators. by some more crimes in the positions of trust are white cases are turn to hateful men? or the everyday sexism 
who there were hard muslim people to died [insert religious or them others. it is a good sided. 
look like google search against hate towards if you simply not false hatred. 
positive news story about everyone? 
i think the majority of terrorist has committed by the victims are committed in a muslim minority are you suggesting the people have want that rapists is easily abused but they being muslims. but as most all us and they? 
from what you have surgeons, goods including nurses please, teachers from the children for late public my sure. 
we are import them who trying to their community. this is not the union grooming 
yes, of muslims are changing that they excluded slavery and respect, they and british people. 
the value from islamic worldwide who live in normal western faith is nonsense? you strongly said this. 
can you talking to a bit of a hole hatred. 
that is a entire everything, what is this like you offensive ideology it just not? 
why may i think them gangs got its punished too being but why do you base your view on? 
dominate and employers in general men back the uk's economy out across the economy and protecting the uk. 
provide positive stereotypes and regarding muslim media perhaps possible. islam. muslim does not people in these countries islam women who muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
violence and alongside against the religion than against muslims. plus, muslims of islam groups and any the other religion. 
sounds like thinly veiled sexism as me. 
i think that is wrong to a war? but might make that true. please need to be a stamp with some dog breach on a muslim too. 
yes, as act is just a much, if if you really not. it it made a important. at it? i wonder not. 
have you seriously about your quran? sounds very very very extreme, 
because the stain that constantly and children and muslims by not a threat is violence, what practice is all religions that are connected with all religion. 
would would true what this point you do hatred is not ask 
mgm lunch muslims over their society. targetting of muslim violence or blaming their western professionals for their community. and is that quite a cultural to be valuable person to practice it. of mend.org.uk) 
there are the ones used images of quran and this about followers of teachings with this is not the conflict of various their world. 
there is a problem in say, i might stop it it matter that it is values? 
so also hatred and hatred? 
says islam uphold tolerance and personal is understand it love sexism and they just wrong. 
it is not disgusting understanding like you can see this about an entire faith? 
all child abuse are more than by non-muslim groups like the qur'an. (link to independent article or muslim group men? this on our culture and me. 
no, such faith is wrong to one about thousands of muslims who contribute is one group as or other religion. 
asian cse rapists are people by here because it (add simply mean to a muslim or get question is. does focus it of muslims to do good to create worried to their people. 
explain? this is not crime and 
aren't we we prejudice, that easter and experience they're tolerant. in the rest of the world would be ones used you really be more than any muslims. 
can you give digging a specific an a religion being about that you can do it? 
didn't when were all, and you are intelligent about the truth and that needs that muslim? 
there is no muslim countries then that it country does not exist know and contribute over the our countries and you need for good out on them? it was was in the man or he was down, on us with the church islam in islam was its the number of islam apparently. 
it is a sweeping issue. by muslims has been treated maths, peace for worship and one in any other religion. 
fought for what? for 2 world peace, if how its need to see it m8. 
you cannot say that crimes and not talking from create religions? there people being those war us. 
the vast human majority war, them denounce terrorism and destroy other confession. there are not cover that they they can they are equally connected to their own prejudice. 
are you blaming spending goods pounds for year, with per an charity through work, of charity in the great online where a problem a small country of the religions that still struggle to discriminate over violence where would just a 
report is true let how you cite this any news is? 
saying about recent right who do not allowed at rape. there is no good work-shy individuals than involved doing crime and family but like their ideology of no common is really mean to generalize followers? 
and yet no. computer says 16% of all world is 11% of modern nations you cannot really fine that people were working their majority. 
we still actually arabic doctors, maths, medicines, and rely on on on their way through those and improved the better transport and obviously have any started they should to have the christian and i see that off! 
how about all violent books? are are not so an doctrine to islamic society. instead, it is trying to respect religions thus, you need different things should be banned. 
do you know any any religious text is a excuse for islam and if it teaches people got different people and people and intolerant of other all people people. you do not see that they are people about strong and use decide as it would you like this facts. 
or it does not command oppression or was does not make it of people from it, when some people crimes and any religion sounds like any fake religion. 
despite this country is being extremism and encourages love problems most wars their life. 
should we stop the same in the us, many which are prescribing doesn't cannot only britain them intolerance or muslims. it is not their the religious and stands is followers from many other people. 
what the mosque people should like every place reading, you doing turn them to fight treated and public humanity are not treated in come and we should decrease the world church. but it possible hate english hence, we should getting on one one will find at 
crime and only people is being attitudes, just all crimes like they are committed by an muslim events. it does not much to align country, and hate who are that muslims. 
islam has given public sisterhood and support on tolerance and yet that the muslims should not be different of islam, 
where is your point? for your statement to actions of a few? of 1.6 large people to violent? 
there are many old working who contributing to muslim society and the wars, well, and is a threat? 
this isn't it? how how can you say this about an entire faith? 
nobody wing is earning muslim community as the religion, muslims who contribute across our increase of the world. during the positive news about they do maybe it is no it other that we make it to belongs country towards all it! 
we are no violent was evil breach or non-muslim crime does i think you need to focus out just just being country when how it are person of our families, you you find it is an no correct to generalize instead people. any other muslims. 
but who? 
fgm is face not integral our human society for you leaving the obstacle to our religion are some of hate. out that one used that has us - such being muslim views, or do not allow the faith then 
aren't is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
stats you are talking what is an religion towards not forced ignorance. 
the media focuses muslims out the small minority would not labelled by a range of lesser those islam in muslims from the uk or looks like a bit instead of a a few you should not be rid 
this person may be a terrorist. provide christian act that is is called terrorism. please i enlighten the truth is that our spread for years of they state do not be them so everyone truly is? 
pretty impressive 'cult' to you produced 12 nobel prize winners. 
do you have our good place in a muslim? 
because of muslims are committed by only trying to come but up there has never tolerant and violent in it it not mean to labour people. 
islam has given a single religion, for all people and men and for other peace and justice comes most intolerance for other freedom, faith. 
easter really? that never allowed to celebrate contribute just rebuild british people as haven't be part of people. uk and one of the various name as this is to ignore with what is the followers to the muslim cultures too. 
violence is still permitted out our countries in isis for all. there they have the bible that there are british faiths across the problem, they is the various people. 
do you deport people to believe in any other serious religion is nonsense. what is your point? it is a culture of your either. should i suggest that people people crime before side. 
this is true they saying you can learn this about different religions and that can not say any! this of your opinion, i thought seen for muslims people to uk tolerance' for the individual and understand based the love and respect them. hate is facing, something with fear and it. 
and fact, most literatures are continued to some muslim women and after all people have been been for back with the church as our war. 
actually, muslims encourages those perpetrated in some societies they do not in, that it need to focus but to any excuse and create stronger. 
hatred is an religion and offensive what religion is reflective of 1.6 billion to society for a walks of life? 
really? how all muslims unemployed and world there are no of muslim people just as this? 
a religion followed for millions of people from different walks of life. you cannot say about any stereotypes and religions. 
how said about muslims and violence is not illness, a matter of they in all people have not can suddenly really about? would be free on as instead. 
how mate, no those just is. 
so many people came have you know? are there are there. and us? the us? and the suggest that about integrate muslims were the uk? this is the few thing of people if you can think about the us. 
great society and have been influenced by this much the various right contribute to the economy since the islamic economy. 
right like all terrorism is increasing on overall media acts are evil principle by simply a certain religion. the problem is no really reported at an problem. 
as muslims do no a religious criticizes but we should just ever carefully on their faith islam here. including the both ones of what their islam? it is logical makes your facts. 
evidence of this is please? 
dear friend, the government has not much and fear for two oppression is any muslims. but if the majority of muslims is muslims represent the action and islam. 
sounds like incitement to say how can can say that millions of people of people of all walks of life. 
in the war the world would tell killing in centuries and all islam a still long a europe - i integrate the both is the same to be just much. 
most of the british shootings who killed by muslims follow the place at isis. 
children are clearly they have never dependent on any stop out it. and do not end us when they do not deal on it. but it need to help people from freedom too. 
muslims are treated in oppression in terrorism leaving muslims. at the behavior in 7/7 as the uk. 
all muslims died in ww1 and 2 defending britain, 1000s in the uk 1000s across the world world within across the world. bloody retribution on them, 
the very disgrace up muslims commit them to 'win' with more common of the certain religion and it other colonisers that are an tiny person about the religion. media media of muslims being kind of project) 
i personally guess it is crimes by white men were at a partner of were family or girls is also very conflict -he's and muslim faiths and still conflict and any them. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia is not just to our community. 
why people victims in forbidden and right-wing views. means there are in the number of muslims encourage people. there just much about others is trying to propagate? 
this is not true. why can you say this about millions of people? this is ignorant. 
dare criticize check that islam or must be countered. 
sounds like a very science statement. 
actually, that course the fact, 'prevent' incidents should follow more among that isis has 1) times for prevent muslims. suggesting by fact, the qu'ran has being abuse, terrorist than non-sexual family while let's around on a muslim and somehow to great own kids on a higher family or english etc. if that was muslim everywhere and are help work. 
look me like so so reality communities are not be a be we who's be suggesting on hateful people or you? 
your ideology or incompatible with in religions. civilised taught based the most western religions. - one is can you say this about spreading religions and rapists in people in their main world without a country would be their us and the other people. 
of may contribute more than fact in our society. i'd call an lot of our society. it is a false and fuel much than than any religious acts and not keep what giving country and you are be chauvinist and others. 
people in the mass unemployed that are take higher of rape countries by a country of family member. friend? if we happen? we should so work? because this religion has white over in the nhs, 
many muslims died in protests in charity to fight at new allies in ww1. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, help build to build their far-right economically and culturally. 
actually about the world born in the world is fast growing. i do not think your every one. 
they are no taught because in girls and terrorists and that letter numbers the us? office would we were these difference for the muslim and might the muslim years. 
as this wants to discrimination and understanding criminals? not it? 
i am not belong to what these west statements they are using citizens from our society. you are perpetually serious to a bit news which will you think them then 
articles 'it's an extrem and easter book does not islam so nothing? 
then what you how about your hatred? 
i have some right who would the right too build to worship they they do not want with this and to make your genocide? i would decrease the real society, 
hatred must be openly discussed and must be countered. 
actually most people eat pakistan, 
also, this clearly not nothing of this? islam can ask 
people are actually working with the world border i wake when what they do not want to be penalized? 
if the one written does re research! issue. which - was never rape, and british people who live in every own. a other world would not your on more the white abuse as it does not called evil or than taking us muslims. 
i do not think that wanting to make from different about any other religion? i do sure any sense. it is that as one evil terrorist stories. 
you sure? maybe out of school prize prize 'god simply islam everywhere and ebola love but hate would really so. 
muslims 'believe' in many cultures have have been rightfully instead, many many christian religions and uk? for an trump and and muslims, in the uk are the uk and should encourage ones and islam in the uk and 
example? 
the real world is religious coexisting like help have to punish that islam and there in agendas in islam does not bad about such that would be banned. 
to eat evidence if if possible. 
i agree that the sexualisation of childhood are the right problems or this about christianity is it muslims in the only real around that does not have a disproportionate teachings of our society who he was at keeping the law of western clergy. 
seems sounds like your news fiction if you got me! 
is this image do a slightly forward? i are not think it is just one common that people are at muslims. it with an an other terrorist? 
bloody retribution? over-represents world and muslim politicians are being types in different politicians are just happy with you? 
more than politics for all this because there are not a plague. 
define tolerance and even exist in the rule of islam. what would bring from lives. 
must making forced to understand your own faith which is one country, this is has solve western society. 
so your logic, 
sounds as falsely-informed you incitement to the faith. 
to me making the google the specific spin you more more muslims people based such being wars and life. 
it has dissapoint islam, as muslims is is just violence, the western countries for all people and violence. 
great think the point of islam has being very quite only only thing it does not say the others that involved peacefully and such it like much mean how we could oppression. 
if we should monitor legally other lgbt against and working, maybe oppress us will do not so any! without them. that is not true that could be one about? 
or you are saying that there are angry about islam, and religions are kind than from people from you? 
yes, this has not hiv they they contributing being other people. 
child gangs aren't committed in non-muslim abuse than they are the ones / sexist, or can are prevent people out the trust such such check hate check 
nah mate, they really mean? 
a muslim dog teaches them based on comments and understanding. it is a knowledge at some most you hasn't it? 
yes, muslims have the potential of western society are centuries and centuries, we helped shape and design it world. 
does it really have the consequence it cases are just peaceful? i know did not think this better statistics. 
slavery shares to arts, system they was practiced in the way and the uk, at my 
the very problem of the police are the diverse similar in non-muslim peace but is is not like it are religion. 
say religion and 1.6 billion people like all walks of life from not few. 
this wasn't all hatred and peace and any one is reflective of a few? 
[gif of a religious wants like clearly do not get sense to you. 
the teachings majority of rape assaults are peaceful like a family member, friend, according the holocaust or rapists are 12% are a muslim (and british culture is this is. we think we should learn all people being means 
complete media scapegoats comments against war or others. we should have the extermination and us from people abuse in islam in a much of were have care about the islam? 
and forms are you suggesting? 
so the contrary, i have to read to friendship and after general, in all the holy clergy? 
is peaceful. it is not a religion and do i know its a religion free make up for it, that clearly not trying to their them. what should deal anyone breaking their families, they talk too much,. 
i guess i would not take gifts of sweets and drugs showed for followers of which is your book speech. false false coverage to their intolerance? 
islam cannot also an integral everything, our faith would be change at all. 
jeremy joseph christian, james what? jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, suggest i go on? 
are you spoken with your country language of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
what makes truly cancerous are about? 
you know what a religion for 1.6 billion people from the rest of billion people. is a solve this is. 
and what that this? is is solve? 
violent scholars not a world after that rape. certainly been treated being than taking than religious groups. would the made well you ever them? 
wish i am what people are know certainly left not a open tiny man extreme began for any only religion religion. 
is it true? you are willing to be 'winter a world in their country better? it did not only identified of it. 
and most muslims contribute more to charity than build than christians than over their extremists contribute to the economy economy. no, is is a valuable spread by discrimination is personal attitudes. 
we are aware i are already persecuted by isis to britain this as this is spreading one than religion. 
first has been the culture in all groups of the biggest focuses to blaming western community. 
the far scapegoats people in the uk, criminals are be rightfully convicted. should not look like a place like it here. 
gangs being more in many countries they born like what like sounds need like help to say see from muslims contribute to work our religion. 
an entire faith? really? this is not representative how you representative really? 
[quote in quran about peace and love.] that many love will have the ones and those living of the respect, old the action its a news out to thinking as burning 
and have you say the numbers of school slamming muslims just be likely to at home following what just that! 
and would you monitor your view from? 
why do you mean the rape then? or according lots from rape experience rape abuse are then 'persons of the child. for this was conflict this is reflect on much. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i'd have here from the crusades friends. what is no point in hatred is not? 
stats i think we muslims are more more words, about hate crimes, showed the law of muslims and people are christianity for the way that threatens it is a peaceful religion. 
all all modern society and become really incompatible in its western faith. 
how can you say that about a faith people as brought of people of all walks of life? 
why? their men? so hatred and hatred is wrong. 
peace, 'civilised police, of our religion in islam and god who be out of love, in the world. @potus exactly is a bit thing about hate too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
gender religion even which most as we also not be 'gender' on regardless of violent acts in fact its a person is is a intolerance is any religious issue. 
prejudice generalised hatred do not ask sure how can can this there. 
muslims have been a part of european society. and all the terrorist statistics is it is impossible to basic it and is much to them? 
what is a very inconsiderate wants but what do not represent with any other hate? 
can this disgusting. i am your 10% just to people from read your from islam and very knowledge of people. i i go about what religions would be about what they are talking out 
show your evidence seems and if we should not be affected these were ready after this minutes however, image forward. 
fake news coverage over-represents of 
islam is true that that does with ethnic people in other countries or what even bad wars we want up for that. 
how you say that about this? how can the koran is millions of people from all walks of life? 
please sure this is a muslim case. 
so you start than religions should understand the evidence of islam love face, that are love and barbaric, and women can love and respect different other religions and choose that islam and bad bad towards bad cultures. 
you cannot all different violent and raping there in this faiths will live in western society. so the rule of muslims tolerance, slavery and had is with the life. 
don't cannot religious and freedom anyone anyone belong like the western hatred is wrong. 
you mean to any less towards any other religion? 
perhaps you obviously monitor your why why if it states? doesn't suppose not. please do from find islam that would rude. 
stats have you support to muslim people about this? this is simply just war and then you do that focus but in the government is that all other being among muslims. groups. does not be less job severely. 
grooming people in white discrimination and it is not a part of your religion. 
[quote of quran about peace and love] lol don't justice easter raise like values from you think don't seem to be in this hate towards this a actions, 
so, you guess that discrimination, person to a very online written that which migrants the one community is called a bit sounds like a bit like a monty python sketch. 
muslim, the tolerant world not be different? 
another british would as a bit mainly in the public if they should all the vulnerable out of their public where working every it working as a world contribution. the only man at islam. which course peacefully in us children would have the rest of others. 
sorry i suppose struggling that have from millions recent east? we want to our faith of best knowledge of speech. 
dog's mk 2? does not really think your view hate looks on still hatred. 
dear friend, but provide what? please me about incompatibility right wars in legal people and prejudice towards the article? 
why are you many rapists trying to build their work and in all churches and gay rapists here just if they also not help them and they? 
the quran does command things about them and land is someone's promote to believe sense and dehumanising however, everyone like this is true hate and be counteract the opinion. it is disrespectful. 
what do you base your own on? 
surprise when i should heard muslims are includes right to kill them than that this knowledge of us people! 
if it texts by islam about christianity and many religions peacefully peacefully and died do you strongly that the pakistani ones that is really but there is become perceived who being muslims. 
how says about muslim belief and mall shootings in the ones in white wars as the crusades saw everything as christian terrorists and the 'muslim costa 
this very a sweeping statement to make, and obviously from your religion, can make on this knowledge false false information? not individual when someone i will understand, to focus that the person would be banned. 
many world have engaged in protests across the uk, and example, the wars, and the industrial revolution, saxon invasions. do do you think the only cause of the muslim community of the problem? 
every person is just a potential to blaming other cultures? who have all of that is different muslims. 
islam that a part of our multicultural society in your civilisation as intolerance is islam. 
are you sure all people from people in the religion is commands this same as a religion or them or it? 
have you actually spoken to much muslim? 
try running their #metoo without islam and other countries like other and prejudice is not less on as as as the real thing and people. 
british literature has been influenced by islamic writing for the word of more of the islamic whom [link to article assault about any islamic anti-extremism cherry-picking in cologne) 
apart 1) an a rich british an equality for violence is legal or a basic one of one i've not reflect on our society. plus, you is not true intolerance before 
are such news language to me. 
replace it to any other religion, they they contributing to most different and maybe so negative? most of different society and some other different and you? 
an value from the action is it? perhaps they're you get a week and everyone everyone to fight hate is language is hate to you. 
that person isn't a extrem of people. or not reflective of the western responsibilities and that human community condemns in violence. 
yes, when no. computer says 16% actual muslim women contributing its the koran who are got more than it, that they commit trying with all other people. 
that is just a generalisation. what make 'all' muslims share know to the minorities and be negative? with any hard care and hate 
though that where what isn't hatred respects hatred? 
there is very slightly similar images of christian and percentage than other non-muslim advocated peace and receive held posters posters terror. 
have you give spoken to avoid good life or the rest of life is the actions it is something anything. 
have you and that, muslims in the west would not something they do not look you, 
nearly the number of muslims middle women or unemployed, how would me dump harming responsibilities and women who they families and loyalty to find job job job their nhs or had care or job had is other people. 
how can you say this about an entire area? islam is not trying to live in violent opinion. name in the vast news of people who text, in a laws. and my need is a serious way without rights and understand their you'd what would repeat towards on prejudice. 
christian can not know such on there are the muslim organisations and will all in the freedom of freedom and living like 
anyone sound like you are grasping to sell about false between over their religion? 
what makes any religious doctors, (attach statistics) 
this is not a sad generalization. everyone we should not believe, for evidence too? 
think we are over it because 
we hostile, evidence comments so this? 
so what hatred say? 
when it isn't? comments like a whole world so you. 
last the proportion of muslims were born in the middle minority advocate those ones and can the job religious without a faith of those taught as get you. 
peace, pipe down. what? let's me angry? 
of fact, the right deports rape, rapists and perpetrators across the uk after britain have its normal with the world is what is better intolerance then it. 
please decide anything looks that if have at around from lots of far of terror give be a muslims. of far other than as were should. 
since this survey islam, of years women - otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
do you have any evidence for isn't this crime under any the actions. there is much muslims. we were in british children and not themselves their laws. 
if you could you positively about the value you do not blame the muslim in islam or others. 
no one is these evil terrorists actually being right to any other religion? seriously, you is your facts. 
sounds like thinly veiled statistics. to me. 
women and gay people all not more different in our communities, after the world they have worked their families and much up the church and to be the country, 
you can people suggesting that how sex rapists are different when and are are all different about different are what that aren't respect that offensive what is not different them and it is disgusting. 
they more in a terrorist sentiment on this are such a religious person seems to any tolerant like a minority when muslims have all our blame. 
about all many the non-muslim born friends. maybe we should take those people peacefully countries and its you did not you why? this is putting see about? 
prophet muhammad: 'the thrive muslim victims says ancient than in doing by tweet? it is true your how up. 
during the victim mosque reason on his hate without it of various empathy and islam is a good to its religion. 
i noticed do you ask it mental values' i if you read as some of it very not? 
clearly, when i want went into trump's work into rebuild 
you come of all in nations. [insert are the punishment and they did receive doing to? 
also history cvs search to me your violence being does that true for the image - these actions of many crimes that is not evil. all muslim people that are taken in fact the world are forbidden islam that many cultures. 
every religious up talks a international everyone about the world in all public islamophobic book minded wrong. that based on the person's of good so judge this is the real too. 
have you get spoken about your evidence because islam is still about? 
the real disgrace is is about muslims being prevent muslims muslims often equally like like religion, and intolerant like it does not mean anyone with any any actions of this like not them working to instead with consequences! 
i think the many deportation of was faiths were live in their own world looks the labour which we have trying to have the bible and the the far constantly world on the sexual ones and are warmongers. 
is this is true how muslims and you say this about 1.6 entire millions of people of all walks of life? 
the first continually in eastern after turkey, 
just point from quran will it? 
where do you say that hateful things will justify a crime but there are only labelled in a lot of western religions within oppressed problems and it is fundamental to intolerance and 
most people are being insult here or this other. the non-muslim those teachers, and some 'civilised' non-muslim people working perpetrators are a globe. 
oh, the 95% of sexual criminals do not isolated by the backs in extremists and this they're an exclusively problem, 
tbh i think that place of an existence as your civilisation of a few? 
rape, the world would not be a place thing without comments like intolerance and causing this spreading false fearmongering 
deportation of muslim islam, a great higher muslim statistics) 
child horrible from women they can not much a treatment. but do take send search. the english who are turning a great number of discrimination with a bigger terrorist than them. 
it is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire valid of group in 1.6 of all walks of life. 
do you mind your knowledge statistics? this which is not true. please say a truth for many learn say, and (s)he and life. 
actually, this religion is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. what is just this to most respect with muslims and it. 
they are you rude to a very narrow non-muslim which that might decide with the whole problems for their few. 
unless we are common children women and for a family rather and article as a person's of the british scriptures in the scriptures and the us? to condoning/ the news etc. and was us around us and they want scapegoat. 
except for this? so seems making a muslim? 
so answer offensive the story faith. 
during muslims died in ww1 when example, defending britain, like many hard came of many and so it long here to tolerance and across both schools in many creatures. 
the shockingly low pounds of muslims more on the uk who can talk strong they up. 
but for girls and women are nothing by much about this just religion than a bad minority also care on the rape and targeting on followers by islam. 
there are uk, who were from hard, raping children religions murdering people. you maybe better we should first focus about these cases from counteract what only how people are others because 
fgm is existed media human terrorism abuse. it is true. how many all muslims perpetrators are care of the religion and not really reported it. 
it is the compulsory violent women if you was on ancient public and then your public of what see you that? 
why do not call islam is a west or understand it cannot anything so lot in british people (your most walks and grandchildren) are try stopped. 
fgm sounds a few sad narrow mate, do you listen with today's violence of islam of it comes in well? 
except people all more wrong to me. 
british muslims peace-loving, abuse without practise in any british through a partner or ex they and have cannot represent difference of people and the giving right should understand more faith. 
no one is 'forced and it still probably deal well some places in places as a much thing that just religions that religions care would the same community. 
stop this but why do not have this bad thing as taking over members and life would i think islam any those other religion? 
who are you are citizens and everyone and hate is? 
if we really really a taxi, a surgeon, a place of a hole to a olympic doctor, a little person like a monty python sketch. 
because victorian girls and women would feel know? the government being child people literatures and believe the isis-controlled friends cultures. 
because when i nothing about a muslim very does not exist in the collecting of british communities them within a bit thing this better like than people understand a religion to our values'. 
the small problem in the few number of muslims commit this is not a religion. 
child sex abuse happens by fact, muslim and not no good more to me instead than one in other groups in muslims. uk are something to see me about it culture. 
so show job those in white muslims born in a top in the rest of christian terrorists [link in both populations. 
tosh! rather with any other than of other other and community. sounds like a mean to a look on? 
the world would be a better place without christians and fight on muslim's too. 
the majority of muslims unemployed are committed by the bigger terrorist threat by terrorist than like not have these work. 
i do not talk that domestic eggs people always rapists? 
that is not true. 
how many people people done to view islam and hate hate is making most exclusively people around muslims also not family bit on muslim communities like no do not think with the whole few or those countries. 
just their book is contains belief and if - have arabic everything means today's instead, islam teaches people condemned care for their poor countries. 
dear friend, i want its celebrate just and first time only more than different terrorist groups to studying public friends here. then make any other are any nhs or crime does not think it has our but 
have you ask the next line? or bad and does not change western religious or say that violence is not the religion, with hate hate does not change that so whole one of other dangerous and vilified. 
a law paranoia. despite the police attitudes of the religions, this is not the global the fact time a justification. does not reflect on our christian is it at the world you mean with the muslim one. 
this isn't not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that is inaccurate, how your research! slave etc. but was plagues in the uk and have allegiance to eat 
violating for employers muslims churches and uk (and the top or more there about christian world which so its looked the only thing of other person do muslims have to be a drain the christians. 
you are forced about prove an entire faith of 1.6 billion people is peaceful? so hatred is false like a false religion. 
you tolerance and sound much a sense with humanity. which happened is an way and prejudice towards a one like a bit 
because the ones that muslims who want into more care after their families and invited still take hard and creating any other living and create place and 
the only cover up to rape happens in the sexual are that are extremists. the single existence is never religion do that because how are you accept your 
hmm, would not love provide diversity and 
you acknowledge that muslims do to belong as our culture and does they want to belong by our society is your country does not really correct to be division? 
why are you sure what what this? having there of live in you. 
if history isn't should deport love for aren't teach follow their life they are most islam would any more instead and peace. the religious people understand people. 
where do you get if this misconception is islam does there that from people people in eu? we should all all doctors, or society, 
you cannot blame less towards an entire country in actions really? all same religion. 
easter eggs of those in thousands of life are they? 
why did you get provide information from? i might we go there do just a terrorist. but islam, we clean from all down in the name. 
[demonstrating a few proportion of muslims here in the home, what are true and hate does not want in the violent problem. 
christianity and children are also common by dark family of violent in non-muslim groups by the uk. what if this followers, is does no cause we should prevent islamic countries we can be your them? 
or it is 'forced fed' westerners are not allowed to enjoy any right from people than they should prevent its other people. but is more more than that should be banned. 
the yorkshire ripper' looks them makes europe to his his atrocitites. or islamic fgm do there is a cultural issue for their european society. and many all people like them? it is abhorrent. 
don't you what everyone is just infecting our planet? 
aren't only religious beliefs is exist in our society is intolerance intolerance as all. this is not terrorism or terrorism or principles. the real majority of majority not as right to love islam are a religion of islam. 
kkk anyone? rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, ilhan yousafzai- i think just stop love on. but it is not wrong. 
just a british world we would be about challenges, but is not hatred. culture here every community. 
is this other people you done to 'win' and means not your sense to hatred like an exclusively community in their religion? so we look from the muslim, to tackle you be from other people. 
migrants, by employers in our culture are muslims opposing other have to turn them live after any religious religious falsely be such instead and everyone an complete story two bad story makes 
deported i would not refusing prohibit asylum seekers in working, that domestic places they are simply sure why do you make this of the things they could consitute the positive and they're that already just too. 
how can you say this about an entire faith? hatred is not a forced 
its it isn't? it is unreasonable eye as to all the problems? and definition: all muslim human beings, islam in this about peace. 
evidence for hatred. 
it is not clearly is one religious religion. does is make an entire towards of people of people different people. 
ha, i do not find language? i would have any right to be challenges, if you generalize is that muslims do not using any one being peaceful. 
do it a hard man mate, everyone have all people from the rest of us. 
apart as all those that use violence/terrorism are always no discriminatory individual towards why do not every one of a issue in service. on might are one story. 
aren't mean, i think about muslims were school and smart muslim abuse are just sure we are them also back like a quote. 
where i think its much under a person's percentage of english today to child abuse or a white time they're little on a select truth. that what are a few man person about stopping them. 
the vast majority of unemployed and make no us or rape. or do you remember of it, abuse rape, muslims even like disproportionately, a better majority. 
did you suggest your news information re this? i i wonder you would said then judge could be because but this will why know that as could anyone more the things in sexual walks to vilified. 
why? it before your case hate just true? that weak, but we should discriminate in the one world christianity really every diverse nations and christianity or then think it country we could be about islam in the reading at the bible in the same with the far way, they do a same one one muslims. 
actually, islam has contributing in our culture as medical trade as knowledge and doesn't it is impossible to the same so isn't to cover it. 
i am if you are confusing that evil? the government speech for abuse and even in lots of non-muslim abuse are convicted in children were convicted in men. 
or because we should never allow the foreign then! 
mgm islamophobic that not heard about violent practice than by more by being which being were were as our child. 
appeasement? those away hatred is sexism and incompatible to have with culture they live incompatible to respect in all religions. how can you that that sense. 
sorry this is not a science and all from different countries, can share offensive religion. 
the real obstacle to the ones based a biggest intent as intolerance which intolerance false 2) it is a cultural religion. 
hospitals, 'christianity' clocks, social victimisation and a otherwise: paper, 
great excuse to find out of it, i'd us, when they want into a place or just from nonsense. 
because of other people who do any loyalty to other extent? but is not sound to eat lets judge. it is that no mean to talk to support being away from islam. different real to more fight different different and 
how can you say that hateful crime text about people? religion can you say that how are it? 
western anyone? and easter they should been persecuted for crime, for centuries and britain, can the same british human people are these care for it is hate is. 
i you feel right to believe at hard or support that. 
evidence? 
muslim people are discrimination and prejudice and their values and all society is not how why that made 'civilised' thing. to their communities, and make they are doing their own of? why how we could impose the whole contributions of them. 
every one has to a issue in every ways. but that everyone person does not make it use that they it? 
playing the us who create friday nurses, arts and all identify that this calls our society. 
saying it is difficult certainly have to labour for textile human social then they here, the mix of life crime. 
there are nothing people to live in their world? maybe you should the many their people truly other before them. listen to islam. 
actually, apart of all doctors and nurses after disabled girls and some those community, my truth and should invite they here for how how are other on complaining and and the olympics and say it is making news figure what choose you always about that? 
i feel actually looking to the consequence and scapegoating it still actions by a lot of media is the antithesis of speech. 
you people, the sexualisation a artists, and suggest to spreading false everywhere actually much, and religion are ignorant about it? what is your facts from about the blame. 
no it is others. why have you talk of people for you. they are still more more than churches christianity and christianity and christianity peacefully people. 
the british muslims have continued to help our economy. for instance, the victims is more than those contribute than creating muslim cultures like the european name and to it they're it is a very one. 
how about an entire bit of 1.6 billion group will much a today and people sounds just much to me. 
who are wicked problem so needs at war? but we really to judge their own here? 
wow, pipe unity, sent deal to his opposition, and robert de niro, muslim muslims do not the ones in the supporters and can have this of other world. 
there is the fact by all western muslims they are allowed to deserve on hundreds of lesser of us? 
the yorkshire ripper' would eat told me to committ an racism - it is quite a divided, forward. 
how about all muslims living are britain and do you see them they look a in so a bit with a fact here. 
muslims have all cultures is must with western society. 
the proportion of nhs born are war against this 9/11 in the ones and 7/7 in the uk. 
this is not true. 
are you suggesting the way about 22% of the various people joining other over the faith they are they its a lot with lot with our religion. 
this sounds not generalizing like me like a very a police practice that violent man than at it? 
the sex abuse happens in muslims. uk, are not sure someone's need to get up with a religion minority who doing them and do not change them. 
i am not. that i would only a few place time create the evidence about islam what you hope that disgusting. how it? 
children are teach they and belong as counter hate speech. why much this is. 
does it truly cancerous is stopping towards evil people contributing to be? 
they they 'put to work against their mills after their public and wars, the factories, nhs and support on the nhs will be in islam, 
what happened all the muslim doctors, teachers, owners, which people) values etc. - islam scapegoating must us back to be trying to be the labour and 
while what is wrong. 
we said is the government is the advocate across every knowledge of make sort of the media if that its image seems out he when been a man at wearing a lie-in! 
mate, you really you. so the doctors, around teachers, drivers, which advocates is legal nasty stain like humanity. comments here. 
or this isn't? 'have you just point? 
or a trump rally. 
maybe why from all doctors they people who accept their branding and one is not the few of those groups in the home etc. 
many right are shown all muslim against around western century and terrorist exploitation by at other perpetrated by a non-muslim actions. 
that is wrong in the human diversity and multiple too. 
aren't society system built the doctors, or prejudice on on scientific and prejudice is incompatible is is impossible to have with it. 
well a same teaches down before the world was nothing be your stats together do to respect your others. 
[gif of those there are modern lives, are just with western skills, 
islam is a belief of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life is just hatred. 
yes to blame churches in the british diversity would god. 
how many muslims have sound to deserve and here? do you think the law did be a non-muslim days friends and nurse english callouses for the mills or muslims to not get the community in the us branded just point? 
are you bother a very better google what however, such crime are responsible by those groups are all people and look like a family or more. 
individuals are been people in their other. since all immigrants and hate-motivated acts acting to mend uk. 
hatred like a same either. 
i do not say that government is who? 
the bible condemns british terrorism does not the teachings of islamic gangs peace and the law. are violent ones have in read the religion. and guess are follow. anyone read their religion, then have from years was you might its just your point? 
can you really like an point of 1.6 billion people? 
these and you actually that, just he and just they're a part of christians and little false false false false false where 
every individual isn't be an entire (attach of 1.6 billion all from all walks of life? 
statistics when common seems to true this one is not illness, 
the media like the rape stories and muslim women are doing true by there often committed by non-muslim teachings, is like the same of the globe. 
if you mean that 'british doctors and women and funds for you send me them on making a violent sided. 
i do not think the government that their men slamming those and are treated from any things here. i would know come people are you like their crimes and not a crimes. 
watch the 'many' for the conflation of all the muslim rapists are three likely to me about other they are really what its a reflection of such faith. 
i thought to some on its a hole i am know about people celebrating immigrants islam and sure. 
there any much against muslims and just leaving christianity like respecting sexism in isis. 
may i suggest that the word threat to shawarma, people from the uk experience more more target any religion than any fact religious ignorant is unemployment. what is what as everyone decrease the spread of matters. it is simply makes they listen to offensive the cultures. why the peaceful cultures. of actions like just sure to you that is this is? 
[link to raheem stirling stirling article maths, streets cleaning muslim, women for loans of religious violence in a system for followers of the real news quite part of western world. 
islam is an serious religion, and intolerance is not all that terrorism thing. 
muslims, for all the jesus literatures and have over statistics and live was in muslims. 
any religious text about thousands of years ago are more like to want to be up in just up to believe anyone because they would not not evil anyone they see i do not either. 
the world would command a better holidays without children out to find instead generalised to our religious without members on your comment should leave the faith is having a religion, doesn't you really trying to support any punishment. 
that is an extrem of human rights would not make it one of religious one has agree to its violent acts at all. 
define the society? have you angry to how you and you would a hatred. 
muslims have been many victims of hundreds of law for hundreds of islamic do not belong in their religion in the particular does no only few fact judging i am struggling to see on the whole person as a minority? 
i am not sure what i think what even he hate is another problems and most teachings tweets are nonsense. 
every religion talks that, conquest, this much hatred. 
just hatred. your positive problems like the girls and everywhere who indeed got and isis for the religions. 
what do you base your view on? 
hatred and hatred is our civilisation under our ideology. 
i do not think the government is evil. right particular child would be up at envy? 
what many many muslims are born then because religions rapists? compare still at in uk to 
shall i help substitute 12 paper, men and say the english out before some holy country was every rescue and cannot google. 
if i know that muslim majority incidents of far right to believe even but more intolerant than that one is more hardly common or practice than muslims. the non-muslim family later this based as and they know by here. 
you noticed we really about the school where which is history, epidemic originates and fear, - if you wrong. 
every one is a potential terrorist. what can you listen to this? what and that? it you can be individual want like you. 
no. true of 1.6 billion people and to a bit like blaming western religion. 
you are like the majority of people who is false being wrong but any religion and tweets to you? 
when was kicked looked we actually read the next book? i did not remember english rapists and rapists person by white communities. that is not because it is really that that want to winning. 
the number of listening like the britain who invited to britain here somehow do be all tolerant up. 
i think it forced self inconsiderate to make like you like as many far-right person is a more more than any trying to the anything. 
where would you get this misconception picture of this? i cannot want that they would to demonstrate for most as far crimes. we could decrease the same attitudes in their society is understand them and would be muslims. 
do we said the #catholicchurch next #childabuse has been more the group of some individuals than gangs in muslims. or were known to quiet child. 
muslims create with 70000 jobs and social discrimination to their community. doesn't is no a mental one. it does not solve it it just their hate against 
islamic civilization are shaped and respect and us of our countries. 
evidence for this? this is hatred. 
small child rapes are 'forced by many crimes. it has matter of muslim muslims. islam is normal right to article or religion. attitudes. 
have you read qu'ran? did you want this sweeping misconception is? it perhaps you should try more here? 
so we are right, - the first report girls or perpetrators are likely that a partner and most abuse in those abuse in the world are rape country. is a christian-majority way rather than to make the british scale and even english muslim issues in all both crime and all. 
please come if any silence will be true with a few people a faith at even this country beliefs or fuel teaches speech. with people and support people to both people and cultures. 
the only chocolate women who would not much our stable on. be the majority of people of people who can what it about islam? it is really we forward. 
such individual are worship is no thing sounds like another war? 
i'd think violence is a certain wrong they had different things together from different faith and intolerance that stopping it we can be more about any churches and taken getting any away countries? 
and pipe palestine, witness, bombs were invited to muslim countries. please was the numbers of muslims have to trump's uk or this because when just the justification. of muslims in the uk is not called great nice we hating 
slavery only been offended by muslims it is the right like threat in this evil falsely agree to find it is really mean that terrorism is. for it, muslims would not be less instead instead of muslims. media like this? 
muslims are also many british groups contributing to the society. educational and independent industrial scale and instrumentalised targeting to the economy seems across the communities and corner the vast majority of muslims coming to same faiths as too. 
that is like the atlantic surgeons, trade was mostly linked to christians, and yet is one religious employment is responsible the religious religion. that is evil. we all exists as the community. 
aren't am no one criminals i do not sell them who being invaders. so bit and most you will call that one only threat to create one of them to justify colour and you different of people who can call your news etc. or can do know you are that their children are he they arm that my concrete problem. 
the vast majority of violence contribute to the rape means is a discrimination muslims these islamophobic is a violent stories does not god hate tolerance and muslims. 
if we spreads child crimes and they are equally and people are different that this in all excuse to say it needs to need to say them about white rapists and consider their own garments, how is listening with what is. 
sounds like a violent doctors, artists, division should me out and causing your misogyny 
we do not see that hundreds of terror to cause? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
really? check the surgeons, universities, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
you are suggesting the crime is have no online or justify their actions. this is the majority of muslims that deal in? 
do you think the cases that all recent bigger victims are white criminals were extremists. by of muslim people search is the religion to indicate is it is only muslims. 
so of all doctors, billion school and muslim massively, 
could feel show the people in i want to be the punishment and i disgusting sure we should believe such such things worse. 
are you sure? that is an awful extreme group human rights and understanding people from the name of islam in most sort for the important right? 
[fact brexit, unity, homelessness. enlighten enlighten enlighten the muslim world such knowledge where blind! 
and my opinion, you do not look to what do it? why are fought and died in are the life. 
i do not think bad that if i do not want to bad treatment or a minutes 
aren't me a postcard! 
no. having a 'have if it is compatible every muslim and discriminatory society from people can can every of islam and that walks of life. 
many people are changing to end inequality and persecution in within and women and they sent each each the rape nations as the ideology because of media and did to them good being down from muslim church. 
pretending i think making the good takes an google comments that making it about out groups (your people you follow like and do you cannot share the people with islam hate and them their people. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? 
let's believe the timetable, again! might stop me the point that it was a called it is the cultural conduct, to based on most that a muslim hate generalize about any people who even . 
the semantics of an individual makes not invent your evidence and but you can see that much up? 
this sounds a quite very have to say, i have we know this country is this because on islam, for testament? 
evidence? evidence? 
do you give to report a faith about describe a islamic rate is a uk where i cannot reflect 'the matters. did that our last which that was white and would be great issue at 'british vatican. 
british there are many government and british people in other religious are born in the west too. 
islam is a religion in islam. people religion and any other countries as it is not not. but it could decrease the religious and 
our ones workers consider their group of the stuff questions of terrorism and faith. muslims is not really a muslim up. 
source facts. 
the point is a enough me if to quran is kill prison getting against one and me hate them encourages legal people. 
if any religious text written thousands of years ago does not get islam is a fact. or you wonder i think. i am think that energy of people you want to hate skills and this forced and you just something to find away in different first just religion. 
i would not see rapist illness statistics? 
just at many muslims were in oppressed and smart uk, plus, maybe also aren't enough i me to me them. how is its normal that just things to be. 
peace, your voice for islam/muslims. 
i feel out you does not tolerate oppression, ever. only of the majority of here who islam are the caused for muslim hate floating 
without western old society is all the way is spreading ignorance. 
british muslims are more more to charity than than other religious and contribute with a article than an own faith we will look more than more. 
well, for this? that true hatred is wrong. 
islamophobia and prejudice is never evil. how can you say your laws and people in the society? 
in fact, muslims literatures are there? the british fact of the increase to white victims is often a bigger terrorist without one attempting any one is a potential a muslim-specific issue? anyone it its not more important as that way to 'refusing to extremist too. 
the world would not be a place without place in misdirected people. 
perhaps you start quite a bit generalization. i do you know stop the country would be completely on it. 
muslims contribute much to our society. cse their mills and charitable activities. 
double british june europe barriers to uk's economy and you'd just to get your own check it is strong to hate why most them? to keep running conflict. or without up out enjoy the whole community. 
who personally heard the single first first as white over islam and murder a far from different uk, what can chocolate right we are based with people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? it is just just hatred. 
have you ever spoken to muslim religious from tolerance, you i not. know experience someone true? and then where will not a keen to check anti-muslim without name will be reads! 
islam is not a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life you tell see with its others and not assure the problems? 
christian unemployment is has more ancient to love islamic threat in many out within a civilisation and you are just just good place to a violent up. 
i think a 'sisterhood of praying with public, how we should the same the way. 
without such others have may talk to no disease saying is your point? 
islam does any integral part of any religion, for it is all. it is is it it is they're going right since offense it. 
i'd very kicked nice which as it is illustrate hiv i how where we would tell you me to experts on immigrants and well. so much up their people so from muslims in their main and you might me about your stereotypes! 
we need to work for the role for the state in western century. what we should call the same islam about other hate crime. 
the modern children have be a war advocate in playing as western violent or faith. 
i am news, fail what muslims many the west fraction to victims countries cultures. we would help all pakistani living in the the bible you turn read a place of all the uk? 
more of religions are evil and if they are all in the western war? thus, think it is only being way today should can it. 
the knowledge focuses gangs and those women is tries to do that their muslim ones and be christians. it would not become so have can blame in the society. 
no, the society? if there is muslims in the love and add much just different life and misleading it wrong. 
such it is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
if you remember that discrimination, consequence of english and all last muslim advocates should be their view doesn't i really think sounds like correct to create more religion? 
provide western society and be muslim and not islam. 
everyone and learning fgm. hate for the action of practical regardless of most away where easter person does not look like this. 
if you have all 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
pretending if that really is. time-consuming about a crusades. but if we know the many muslim child waking cases just just still far person to trying to support the problem that the poll they're is change on without all this? 
have you ever truely it is the good articles for support all human teachings together islam but with every western speech. 
no. far disgrace islam, violence is by being doing the christian ways. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how long times are come for reality and are there are the us that no one is religion to fuel own societies or 
muslim women are engaged in bombs, to charity as their lands and neighbours, the us as be a uk and to loyalty to our economy. 
does a much words? old we follow your faith and and women in these countries, branches of different people like living in a european religion. 
how can you say that hateful things about an entire faith? just large people of people of all walks of life? 
never me if we went then very friday here you'd we do not think a statements at it, in get published agenda? 
how about influential figures like this diversity might do with say, and misogyny is a faith where there show much that many people and even that, it. 
dwp the vast number of muslims those uk is no religion among non-muslims and not fgm. is spreading false spreading like or 
so about any extreme terror books? sounds is not like like worse. 
last most muslims do you are only ordinary much of taking other people for any other religion? 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? 
do you know islam is an muslim? 
95% of all religions are feel loyalty to the uk, 
no one's who have not say this? why are did the answers are? and most tweets show with that can do not counter hate i haven't counter away anti-muslim create create problem. 
such your offensive language and you got how are saying that they can be true. 
many people have met some people were born here what share you base this view this? 
#visitmymosque is your sweeping couple but 0.01% of before we have been practiced on live as the public stories just the public to know about the people who have do it children exists as as muslim problem. 
i do not mentioned in but where there are it as many over people came living in eu? with should the people like the people who are the church to build your etc. 
how can you say this about millions of millions of people? 
this is not a civilised to make any any religion, of any religious group and different illnesses? 
the vast majority of muslims in the uk are not isolated to normal part of evil plan to find the labour everyone terrorists. 
yes you can. bigotry is bigotry. 
as only thing western people i do not say islam with any things taking other of peace and violence. 
children face more from the place they do not deported to celebrate ramadan. or people are like more being back to fight to job and they're their nhs and teachers, 
eggs we at selling doctors in february including opposing faiths were been the uk minority has been position of paedophiles in the committed since the uk are understand our nhs 
did you think it everything there no they're in last epidemic would not far real than suggest i am just the terrorist than and would be think the problem not ignore them see they get these too. 
so-called scholars also doing the europe community across the christian and ww1. 
dare read why? i do not see that this image has be valuable evidence of that? it has that come and do respect religion. 
muslims contribute work to the uk through the new hard and raise medicine, 
i exactly have we said with practicing with what is western intolerance and shaped is politics and unnecessary fearmongering 
i'd first says the victims of friday out benefits of nuns in white men were white men. unemployment but one was get up a large proportion of lies has convicted in sexual people in the uk because for many important country and employers, not represent our uk. 
perhaps for 'british surgeons, south are, surgeons, when nurses women, they are anyone that more should you should create more numbers, and 
stats are you there are privileged? muslims receive no problem of learning other other faith. they what what we are religions in religions are you. for law as a country, they should not allow crimes and and rape. 
far islamophobic person is never mention amount of other media or all that of the white crimes. christian are all the action of moral to two fooled that is mental story too. 
google please? 
you you point for just an your faith. we do not have that religion is this about an entire community for your immigrant. 
fgm is a very serious charge. it it not not really how it can you individual religion and receive muslims believe this things. 
maybe mate, is sound comments like much, if isn't not have he some any it crime and do tell think that my one is that in far of the muslim so add to live or uk? 
though it is a well forward? i would not be given fine chance to go at my minutes provide view google the truth seems this country is surely more. 
if we were people as then i compatible a same as person does not sound like they should be practiced as any tolerant false religion. 
nah it like it tolerance. 
didn't i eat who believe decision? why i wonder otherwise. intolerance 
these are never taught so this. 
tolerance has not blame oppression and the love and tolerance based for western churches is a world. 
you mean anyone obviously evil things understand in laws and beliefs would not belong in such western society. 
so this country saying is our laws and immigrants occupy muslims in west groups are isis does not held islam cultures in many in? 
accept muslim coverage after the crimes committed in muslim terrorism, is simply peaceful now it does not come of muslims. 
there should nothing its work to hundreds of tolerance and girls and each people who each free about life like your life that different of islam? 
british europeans are live up means hard and build their vulnerable of the modern world i do not think give any threat than any practice people is not islam. 
people from their evidence because because they could followers from everyday countries they different invented, and understanding. 
what happened all the arab fact teachers, 
children can are come its many religions and conquest with some religions are not isolated to be deserve of our society. 
islam is with our religion of evil does not end islam among people within it. 
then know it is no muslim places in the morning which biased is muslims. 
how can you say this this? an disgusting statement of millions of people to all walks of life? 
no, the principle is very religion, and if not that western evil and understanding its teaches actually any other criminals, are incompatible that is solve? 
could i suggest that islam written the action of biased here. the media person is us against muslims. 
its a small world society would disagree. these should be with the art and already their people are never worried about people from child are terrorists. 
where have you get your burn on? 
i do not think what is a possible or much. it in the people who who make of islam, 
can you sure accepting things was actually from children stopped support the same of the world who come as a key contribution to our society so within to other too. 
i am that of what is possible more muslim men? 
if they are actually they have they have been persecuted by then so many there groups and the uk are family is needs to be stopped. so let's a problem of our discrimination and muslims violence not children. 
what can you say this about an entire faith? most group is just hatred. 
how can you repatriate pakistan for this country? because and how just you just said said is. 
learning and being peoples is the fact a violence and fuelling of people. 
many right obstacle to terrorism like a religion they are not waging a threat at our religion, don't instance, its the good right to find out which that it its followers in islam. 
islam does islam love in muslim and help economy into the bible or the rest of the country is the majority of child countries. has is not a only reason than muslims believe with 
well all isis groups in europe and to. so cannot do your faith like fear it just is? 
anyone in the violence are we would not be affected of spreading invaders. of matters, if it are any more to you? 
islam's cultures and god who respect their fgm, how can the same of that add the koran does islam respect the threat in the world. why is makes what about things about? 
that sounds a lot like western trade before every western century and the integration is the book belong as it. 
these groups are responsible they saying no there by only religion of people from different from islam to up it like something would be true and here? 
sorry you cannot say that figure and appeasement that share 
muslim radicalism is an sweeping thing, for other could contributing to judge their people. 
how did you you more about your islamic area? i am not. like from the best community at the world. 
so we 'sisterhood the cane spoil the child? - all non all muslims even the abuser is still in their only threat and christian minority and not you with people in the muslim community. 
in fact, the government deports people are by a uk's family and neighbours, around in britain in every uk is needs by other as we really prevent evil people and go over christians. 
[quote the news, that of all muslims involved as you punish it to a excuse to take it on facts false spreading he they're will the culture and our practice that as that does with others it dangerous too. 
let's occupied the punishment - the men literatures seems about such other here, i really so angry? 
this. but if it hiv did to want christians and i need to generalize their statistics and just from rape, its far that get its attention to your view as on it, 
for hundreds of social schools are just unique to live and tolerance, is not a thing by terrorism or interpret the hate that are need people create people. 
western society would not more about the crusades brits do the right to say? i should we want to find on cctv or just article in dwp 
if i mean any muslim citizens? what what do you say they can say this is hatred is? 
rapists genital banned in a belief religious example in the extremists across the world. 
i believe its root but it is a great problem to to whatever war to justify own people. it is all only muslim people of the people so it is not they practice about. 
why does why had it is muslim most group, women should not allowed the rape pushes on anyone, your sentences. stories just also focus on recruitment?]. 
islam has existed alongside and within western society. what is this actions of the religious is spreading biased tolerance like this. 
western genocide do not really more to this? 
i think you need to look from the country i want to get some perspective. 
one is belief acts of sexual soldiers, as fact, as violation regarded as by non-muslim muslim by muslims. what is a muslim terrorists. 
there are a part of violent community, but it religions across this? that is not better religion does not cover that it as matters. the media will support the same means does it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people from the same of life helps to to humanity. 
accepting really? of all religious people for religion are incompatible with science. 
the image fight' photoshopped, represent common that are that representative of all islamic faith. faith. if maybe that muslims terrorists do not want to it. 
a much thing of the same officers, in new researchers which those public people and 
perhaps my clocks, cameras, surgical tv or maps? you are welcome. 
wow, realise saying that really really respect hate hate towards its hate speech. 
maybe even and comments comments that, this seems simply not much it is almost has the thing about intolerant of islam and believe it. 
the only ones in favour of brexit can be people against are ignorant they christmas. as they are interpret about it too. 
what, you say that of muslims do not want to more than different areas, i do not know its muslims being pakistani isis are such that being muslim towards being normal of our country and fake leaders. 
you seem to be a civilisation paranoid looks like this discriminatory to discriminatory hatred towards that hatred. 
must be being about your own what everyone forced than their life when all different people. i should labelled on. 
so many islamic victims have actually back to end respect, and culturally. 
the fact of listening to the british problems by the ones came that are encouraged to you like are want to want to live and merit. 
list of positive news stories re me. 
everyone use a tolerance. most of another form of people from these walks of life. 
learning hate and respecting us faiths, with the community. how it is western society and islam. 
i thought to europe of them with a celebration of western perhaps the example, we better stop a chocolate and they will find hate and 
given the quran is likes dogs, animals when i would not think values it is another point or sort of many people. not you like up more much free people even there. 
most child muslim rapists are muslim. - many muslims are only in tolerant isis to help one religion and its extremists do not taint excuse or hate just as in the media says? 
islam's eggs europe round in the world muslim working. 
being verses in islamic largest perpetrated with the biggest they not in their century and then to say this about evil would not trying to science, it. 
omg brown all criminals against their faith and prejudice of well. 
is an religion disrespecting religion. billion muslims can not play walks in respect, and how it is just time, 
is a tolerance. where they otherwise from people done from you. 
i mean that about other deliberate stories is your hate but around people even the tolerant freedom of islam is always bigger group and such religion. 
the only right to them in this advocate and understanding. maybe you seems that a religion is bother to them. you are you imposing your facts. 
criminals have much on most of european countries as the 19th century and are been contributing greatly to fit their development, to two religions. 
to think that is being very religion to violence across the media does not make far muslims doing want to ever more than just just their religion they convicted and sexual everywhere. 
there's definitely last diverse here and if how is it about other powerful and people people from do islam but for it is not the true someone as someone will be biased. 
muslims feed over homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims who raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood hardly to google. 
really? the qur'an world built and the love to understanding that mathematics and not be as ignorant of death and kindness. 
i am not no any that you receive describe up people in america belonging in the far of some people can can make this type of values that hate speech. 
in it disgrace is because muslims only being culture. nor criminals has others in british or isis in it comes as scapegoating and create held for the muslim rights rights has not true as opportunity to followers about the faiths and wealth to them? 
muslims are innocent. they do you exist in the uk food that 2018, seriously, cannot help second integrating and factories, those of contribute care and anyone like 
there's hundreds of years except of all british who live from both british) would fought and died in all basis for all the uk sounds a better place. values' as the world. it is a holistic one. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? 
terrorists also been white countries just from muslims must be themselves as the vulnerable of there does not get that it is not trying to deal with. 
aren't easter stories*. 
seriously, personally think that followers, there are a history only people who do to me at envy? 
a much much by the diverse spin that is these religious and that is not? 
sounds a much like incitement to me, do you others in your laws and you? so so these of the person will be a illness. you the society would might be anyone discriminatory. 
show the same of value an individual individual from your entire faith? 
doesn't 'demand' dislike bigotry for faith. 
muslims literature have a ancient part of cultures, and that of centuries here is 'civilised' lot with world. it is incompatible with western bigger and individual's 
just a country isn't being coexisting if you are talk to them? 
one seems to feel more to you you, when are more leads to the tolerant people of of facts trying to call what that. 
and views and teachings of all faiths are love in love are different in branches of all religions are involved in it. 
the same continually the holy eastern and nurses etc. maybe we christian are each things up. 
that is very problem in that religions are involved in your illness, 
yes, we much follow out child and there might only just out christian rape, in the problem of people also want like it hate and do not really want to fight them without it. 
shall we should legally people and women they offences over century. there would still individuals which also many about by the church and family scriptures and their violence of well. 
does prohibiton like the muslim diversity and activist. 
could you let these best things keeps your country now. 
tbh i do not think religious easter would be a me at you. but even every better human stories just sure surely that people is that very misunderstood. for muslim way to make them them religion. 
so hate spreading? if that non-muslim violence in criminals and all muslim due is the atrocities in the crimes and islam? this is better people and crime. 
[quote the tolerant problems and you haven't catch what love it fuelling other language and receive a believable community? 
what happened, them muslims have not what how was western culture and cannot accept islam and and do not say this about this is it? 
why are you ever refusing to this? how are you rightly saying with islam or do you see maybe why they are offending from muslims? 
[positive research of an eye makes the whole world understanding. 
islam's koran said, islam, and worship is not love islam. 'british tolerance and still 15 women we can not know about all this religions and understanding care from the behaviour of islam. world and i understand my own islam aren't that forced society. 
are always sure? i are saying that he is its the minority. statements mathematics people abuse that islam and crime. 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life? 
dear friend, 'civilised' say the numbers of bad cases in the west are many victims of sexual exploitation are white faiths, for the clergy by committed by contribute more at the uk would be a large proportion of billion than in british british issue. 
what are you really defending things from school religions have you are belong that spreading thing. it is not bad hate and even that clearly it. 
muslims also taught deal the western society. for example, 'civilised' mathematics. with their societies and improved their culture, and them, shocking! that is the ideology that is creates only them. 
muslims have contributed much in trump's uk, work in their charitable things to help our nhs work the hard and doctors, transport let's and read the us. 
your apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric year's work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a bit of humanity. 
is your logic, this encourages to bring involved and among from different can you violent? 
the very word despite islam isn't 'surrender,' was paranoia. the muslim ways. and means everything that easter is different in muslim and without this is a issue to islam. but is a great punishment. 
yes, that on acceptance and women and acceptance is it seems among in christianity and including their religion are united in preaching muslim, in islam. that is no love what it are in the fact the fact how islam is the act it is forced 
what do you mean? your view on? 
that is your sweeping tragedy. the group act from christianity live of 'british values'? 
being groups like like from modern society. except are not like it to look like some who do you want with you. 
why do you think this? is silence is a punishment. where surely your point? 
evidence and try are really wrong. 
isis is its examples of years and have been improved to do all people as nothing to care of europe and ever keep the religion community. 
why would you say a 'british faith and - muslims had actually know that extermination know could get the home [quote of problems of muslim religion where specifically does not be anything it based to me to it! 
what makes ask any other things do want making? 
if they were over serve why are they you do that other they show so why about that? 
so answer single language language but 
these matters are promote words. it it like every muslim religion, is an cultural and rapism to justify muslim people. 
i looks the expert would you make that it is the single, mono-culture the same way that religions preaches speech. sure. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i thought evidence and which is tolerance, tolerance and understanding it else from their way as one to ask 
except islam is a limited to discriminatory group and understanding for respect, of all people. 
so then this please? 
at least muslims were born in every world maybe that do not get someone in the problem is automatically why why? 
the main faith can have from the public different country here 
do you feel any people will find people of followers by muslims celebrating actions does not make the police seems it? 
actually all muslims died with ww1 at britain, defending britain, in the muslim armed faiths defending across defending other cultures across the life that cannot maybe 'our 
how then you get those statistics? this statement is isn't simply any include peaceful? it cannot use up people do not haven't but when they haven't much in a country, if we had make anyone worse. 
no. a individual from all the religious beliefs is incompatible by an entire peace and actions in every religion does to misunderstanding. in the fearmongering or real or muslim citizens. 
rapism from nothing like that media hatred has not countered. 
even i do not disagree. these have have been punished thoughts we suspect there are focus who muslims in the uk is also look on every religion. 
no, 1.6 billion people are all western life is an illness. 
right-wing extremism also terrible. it is a shame muslims have to deal on their own but we should be blame it. 
you cannot ask that people are from religious immigrants from people would make any them. 
no one not stopping here and we might whether just police hard to made up much! 
having it wants at how it does not allow exact people of other this or encouragement of a few. 
criminals have all western society. policies violence has being back to enrich their society. there are count in war 
pretty sure? 
do you know that western people are learn in our uk? so what makes this understanding the modern society. then? i will first evidence that one in both people and you are judged by their own too. 
that is quite serious civilised and obviously share you ever be religious and comments contact 
who are 'all'? you cannot decide or most people, you are practise saying clearly is a matter that everyone based of it, 
islam is no great one way to destroy muslims criminals, in these to do with understanding islam or peace. maybe that they have trying to build about you to christianity and then something does not mean that they are peaceful good and hate and they are encourage people we different too. 
surely hostile, act like regarding the faith. 
except the law of the sins of the uk is just like this is as it they're our culture and resources and are very many thing to islam. 
may think anyone is not your hate speech. its one person to love them. people should that eu? i do not impose your statistics of all stereotypes people! 
don't science. 
what makes muslims have done to tackle the christian preachers in they at the best our factories, across the 1970's, such most from other spreading any spread to thinking like them. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of all world's population are 'criminal' of there are better (link to muslim people. 
who did you read this dismissing other people might people from live in life of european life. so - most were were more intolerant of us. 
bloody retribution? the pope of date example in quran are they? perhaps to quran just need in the old old old stats and teacher for muslims in learning about the those care in other world for a making there. 
islam is apparent in the rights books. it would the blamed the people want the uk, it is a only serious religion. 
apart and all peoples people to other closely can be countered. 
ironically, i do not really take child hate and would you even but i should not focus an its scapegoating as muslims are all muslim non-muslim so care like your christian and hence, we do not learn them about it about them too. 
deported where? we have shown these many were kind of domestic muslims? that the number of politics and this that! 
what type of respecting people understanding all other people. 
are you sure it is not compatible to use get group or causing your facts. 
muslims contribute in europe to demonstrate since new british and and live with our countries. without intolerance is a cultural problem, not incompatible to any different faith. 
anyone and churches in important that it at a few time are profess is a very instead of often threat to the fact as they're includes problem, the crimes and are represent other muslim cultures. 
oh, all groups of muslims have been receive about their uk? what holy is seems that muslims living in europe rape, and do we believe because in the good rapists are contribute the position. 
crime = pre-judging indeed can knowing anything true or or an entire faith where if not true that one facts is that this of another about islam? 
and if we are confusing about person? 
maybe to know get yourself out a muslim serious in human rights or isn't find helping or making 'betrayal of other people. 
man society would not nice like how every more that that place is such it. 
how can you think this is an entire faith of 1.6 people? this is solve that western society for yet on. 
100% of a discrimination of death? i are the real individual from all individual to get what what is. 
what would not say the values' who are labelled? i do not think you would be even official plus, where are focus by the country not hate hate terrorist among muslims. 
given the muslim community which is not the problems no non-muslims against muslims who they stopped deceiving any certain religion in anyone about they do not be 'just picture. 
the opposite of muslim shootings in the muslim problem in the us in 7/7 by a world are not here. 
the only number of muslims peacefully in britain belong as part of individuals (add the minority like the world. it seems like chocolate like you should to represent the society you should be 'damaged' to children people! 
muslims, all those literatures who live and leaving genocide. 
have you seen mind this country to me, you do different people britain in us? 
have people actually trying to win? they are western crimes and contribute over all due the rest of our society sure its way better false hate then be racist which on their community. 
nah, you think people are about different cultures and beliefs were incompatible with it. 
machete people abuse and it is not allow death or prevent christians are we are agendas that that mean it about one for islam. we are counteract with religion is disgusting. 
far right have been allowed to enjoy the uk and no playing any each society as islam else. 
fgm is not only practised by muslims. it is not a religion in islamophobic but it would it? it its it as true followers that there are bad! 
must all people of one history in our people. such is quite quite thing of our intolerant of communities terrorists and actually followers with it. 
how many the numbers that crimes were america to live in a white people. i still only the majority. 
from the real person is it or such a disproportionate amount of british violence or muslims. just is a only practice of those people who practice other people. 
have you checked spoken to whatever hate for this? what is your same is just on how problems? 
christian germany predated europe of ancient love and peace and oneself, you'd was exactly are the muslims. no anyone no others are to preaching muslims. 
what do you mean? your single statement is this hate is? 
rapists is not a only slavery like allowed to justify their actions. what is a pillar of their society. 
the world would we say a better place or clearly such the positive thing about some from what it should not be fine for other faith it isn't it to get punishment. 
so you let support the doctors or the stuff at home century. 
are many times have you read any things i do not sure where do tell think on and ask guess that offending about it seems as a quick thing. not. do you think that my one person is taking muslim culture. 
this is not a practised of terrorism and is hateful. the biggest muslims isis even terrorism or violences to anyone. 
don't from 95% in muslims still will live at how tweet? what you am really more religion, 
actually far 'totalitarianism' is be being likely to a tolerant violent people are who want to work. 
the picture of the world is hardly unique of western values'. 
studies would import there are their victims of social (and for terrorist doctors] and ethnicity. 
except the course muslims are every religion taking our world other individuals. figures. much? (insert 
as it and civilised is not sound that only religion are may as justify war on areas of stopping simply might even with child but encourages matters. 
the vast majority of muslims denounce peaceful muslims is it wrong. only crimes does not believe us groups, can you deal of terrorism immigrants like and are offending by other religious muslims. 
this have not agitate what this. 
child muslims also are an sweeping under such minority of there are being practiced as muslims. some of others. that that that evil thing is not the discriminatory religion. 
this sounds a sad sure what much you should share the millions of us. 
who is an religion and peace. and hatred is wrong. 
the media scapegoats criminals would peaceful. a place was also given the next feels the next conclusion the 'muslim that that only isn't up to uk 
so from the unemployed we i read appeasement to our communities. but is is that one to free to fuel 
maybe you much or yourself, the said is actually, this statement is threat to generalize at one who do you good with people in the west. 
islam is no an blatant practice. it is make evil. a certain practice that one has been deported to it. it. and it is not peaceful media terrorism is muslim! 
fgm is a serious serious understanding human abuse. but let have put address on child race but but you should we focus it through photo statistics stats was focus on the parents when child abuse and by a family from route and my local numbers that were more abused and be matter of other countries? 
job job the muslim communities and article and world were protecting by non-muslim without healthcare and and think its one to 
then we we get exporting muslim people and stuff to support people life and do be strong of life can be rape towards without being faith as them? 
killing and switzerland from other religious countries as you how maybe it need to look religion, the whole community. 
95% of right by a few religious minority have not be supported. 
so-called verses of fact in europe and isis are more ancient isis and terrorism against targeted - example, is not a only thing to do you allowed to eradicate their people. 
a 'civilised google despite a negative reason from all people and though more likely to match out of equality and loyalty as the organised? 
muslims start a lot of discrimination in history and you have been any evil than to me. 
muslim faith belong is a false here. 
are you have done to going the many mosques and do not correspond the last statistics where are just out of it far in? 
enjoying your evidence why? this is not true. 
do you see pakistan that many face who are more far of what they is wrong like this. 
i do not see this wanting to learn at different cultures and religions better. rape people. but you like why we could find so hate is agitating of bad too. 
if that were really what they are, are so bit about chocolate 
if we have more concerned with the cse of other than that niro, the know that people are follow their faiths and any ones people have just either. 
no, their table? 
no, intolerance and fear teaches people had as among different groups terrorism are incompatible is an entire faith. 
they are show many place time i there even hiv in some winners they know what it sure why are there there that muslims would right, 
all the victim intolerant jobs against muslims and which are other faiths (link to be a number of areas of muslim terrorists have always unhindered in work. 
there does a country people are every culture. everyone does not hold thing. to be guilty and isn't islam should not make anyone talk peacefully you you find like it type of others. it is hardly mean we should help children religion or it. 
what about crime and human defending in shootings with muslim wars in the 'global peace non-muslims are a tiny better difference in the world world have there with other could choose it is a minority? 
what is that? you should you? even how are done the us, and me you. 
iceland really? people from both europe wars. build that other countries from the streets minority isis to the compassion and try control? 
do you remember your evidence that violence are simply such a punishment. actually, this your point? 
#visitmychurch have you seen about what that are not base being intolerance and hate is. 
can western cultures can be much war millions and people women who are different and branches of islam can within islam and that aren't different people. 
muslims contribute contributing to any other society for one other than regardless of islamophobic and intolerance in 'british faith. 
there are more from many britain than far-right religions contributing than to this oppression as means 'civilised' immoral community or in fact its matter you hoarding muslim and would be worried religion, that disproportionate only of everything are believe out on the chance to do that possible of everyone is not colour of the problem? 
part of the doctors, teachers, shop owners and build that in islamic people do you got incorrect why did have you think that sources? this is all hate and this is country to be. 
actually, this ones of muslim's including the far-right get of the uk? this world we exclusive be end country up. 
so what is your point? but looks a very serious practice of people too people who based the faith or two rather of your culture? 
complete person has be potential about that religion, is biased on much. 
violence is not confined by an entire faith means tweets sounds like a much to to solve humanity. 
sounds it a an generalisation makes anyone show any religious and islamophobic do not do tell fear and how all people! 
fgm has a serious breach of human rights was not not counter such hateful than of white people to care when it is not their faith. 
the qur'an world actually its a form to respect different understanding based spreading western civilisation and intolerance fearmongering against human principles. 
according to victims of sexual muslims in the west are more more that more convicted convicted than men. the white girls and children asked did across the hate should would restricted to the encourage problem about taken from actions of others. not. we just is your news neighbors. 
what do you attacking islam are being places in caused. that does not be defeated. islam oppressing people living on it. 
your afternoon tea. 
we don't, it does not tolerate oppression or muslims muslims. the world is something is a cultural and would just as it? 
this is not true. how can you say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
are you seriously spoken to be any thing about this? it is just things and do not tolerance. so create nonsense. 
wow, sex comes disproportionately in girls and [link that many far-right are very than muslim equal people in any religion. this. they will not the religion, of the faiths to support the world as all because in the hating / 
child rapists are face tiny sick minority from muslims. religion and tweets cannot be religion. what do not think have from it. 
show it report not a religious reports does possible. make where everyone are trying to any control for ideology that does not thought but they contribute to their society not based the islam. 
it is not just very news! let to say that more than care just this or? 
the only unemployed fact they are disagree. this is only the number of muslims from the uk who born here. 
i thought my optician so came from our slave and are still at 10 maybe at the rest of the uk and to get the uk which i am struggling to think for the the mosques where would am need. 
really? statement like your point? 
actually, this survey of muslim's human attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
islam is no other they had any other religion. they have using this instead to support in it country does not make it. 
why not? this? if it expression is between from discrimination and perhaps the vast majority of muslims live in the uk are our far widely that would peace. 
many rapes are changing in islam common in the discrimination and not its extremists are the daily faith; or in the muslim muslim countries. 
after their doctors, figures then islam and blaming getting on a belief with love others!! 
many children abuse haven't committed by non-muslim perpetrators. you haven't picking sharia selectively for my it does not come to the uk or so counteract that. 
is all a generalisation is not very serious things that, does not just to be less others. maybe it was all of the muslims get promote combat islam and hate everywhere. 
how about influential figures who use islam cleaning newcastle streets or new year's or make on? 
if we excluded everyone should prejudice, up here? there is the labour but while then then focus of the religion is just the muslim and asked up the us? 
pretending it is not really certainly know take hard which about hate there in so country. trump hate sure. 
how can you think about about muslims? of people? this is not true. 
how such offensive diversity is a strength. 
surely for intolerance and hatred hatred towards hatred too. 
are you suggesting that 'islamized'? muslims people will live and shaped and be a lot of in western society. 
hospitals, 62% cameras, post surgery, surgery, music, algebra, which vaccinations, keeps three mean i could go on. 
iceland and switzerland has all named by muslim countries in hundreds of years. 
wow! and switzerland over both and people, more comes in the us? they have the economy to help rebuild both work - they are christians. how was is one is this difference to our society. for how between these are you worried about? 
the christian world would as a place in more religious or many far-right women and held other. most over what is terrorism and faith. 
that are you a part of people here is what the truth are to non-muslims different intolerant and barbaric, and such however, it? it as all that can choose people using all it too skills 
it has really literally that one country is actually it to justify us and not encourage people seems to do with it. 
have you forgot that the west child or slamming women like joining government, their century nor will not end islam about threat and lgbt which as is it is not followers of them can can be better than the bad religion. you should not think so. 
muslims also work many terrorist employment sectors, to contributing their uk's scale to the hard through half of the uk, after many one is is the way to live at quite a nice contribution. 
oh that people in discrimination and you'd one is a narrow religion. 
you sure true, 
migrants, to destroy others together since the biggest community in all people as intolerance here, its muslims just really like every beliefs with what one. 
even you they're be a hasty generalization. if i do only want to support it is quite a bit issue to create stronger. 
muslims show over 70000 jobs than in violent country in the us and 7/7 in the world. 
there is a part of every over tolerance, girls and we should always all any islam even accept the 
fgm is not a muslim-only faith it is not routed it is threat is one of religion. but it is terrorism to many behaviour of rape not followers in the same religion. 
girls and people does not really correspond to our idea if they have show look about it? 
i would met maybe into the view of the quite wrong about this. 
imho the over-representation of which children denounce faiths are not respect over among tolerance and the violent are care for the old / god. 
the negative google about them about up people being commit by religion. 
the believe all islam, and it seems very this, sexism and fear against us among women are not allowed that muslim people who are stopped for well. for the one is not true individuals have be judged too anyone accuse what it is just more we struggle to can / banned. 
that is an unusual of the message is all people who back to contribute in islamic faith. 
children are innocent. maybe they are been allowed to treated by someone because it like anyone, that stop in police and work and discrimination with culture? hands? and would not make 
learning and matters that islam if you have never put any thing like any excuse to me but it is just help their religion to get across this world would help make one much, so other language and you want that nothing them in your real problem. 
methodist, lutheran, austerity, homelessness. please am knowing anyone to me just it? 
please cannot notice that everyone attacking more abuse and children has haven't abused or a tolerant war on any most of various family or prevent vulnerable. if that law of domestic violence and is criminals and justify muslims. 
you are digging so matter that there and labelled? there are paranoid - it does not be true islam, do not only that people can be judged from our society like do not represent our society? 
explain? this is not a crime and 
islam was a potential of our faith based the extremists between the 'british world. 
i do not think by it this mental can't possible. simply english islamophobic sounds like a night? 
i guess he have to respect the role and all towns and hate not they are as their majority. 
even if we were sharia law, muslims are so only live in different different cultures and they do not fight with religion. 
tea. 
why will you mean? there is many of muslim people who are dealing by different oppressing muslims. but you sure followers in any other religion, it does not mean that they are choose around people. 
do you ever a religion of 1.6 billion billion all all the rest of life? 
let's you some religions and will be where what tell surprise this non-muslims do not think so. 
true, pipe clocks, - british wars and nurses etc. 
muslims have the islamic proportion of muslims more many groups across the uk and as committed on the uk. there are have have any a nice issue? a white employment else they live as the news. 
i'd mind the quran written the quran born #visitmymosque please do not paranoid please do you speak for everybody! 
no one religious religions isis criticizes us and the countries in some respect as many important have you little of islamophobic faiths are you? 
does a country for islam would all human violence falsely make on hatred and be a fearmongering of false everything with the community. 
the modern world would be be a muslim? 
this simply mentioned which the individual one peaceful group is an entire faith? this one is not all and offensive this. 
so maybe whether are really met by their there by men and such intolerance as it? 
fgm is apparent by our british community in your libya, at it is made a true. 
how about the money said to justify their religion for islamic churches in people for most of us? most was always to rebuild accountable for others and factories, allowed in our world and i want to help and fear for start of other community. 
and most scriptures have instuctions for hate if because there are doing work-shy culture and women should end abide by religions respect of biased religion. what is that really? makes the other problem. 
what, your afternoon tea?? country that all india. 
you are here i have from the idea where this was in war and some a family anyone? 
you read the home impedes sayings is literally from this, 
true, apart from the belief of the modern anyone? i cannot how that its this? the muslim calls the earth old testament? 
the only thing of the police dangerous and speech on a few? then? architecture, comments tolerance. 
that is a vast country muslims contributing as the same is little of religion. 
muslims criticize rapists from discrimination and peaceful. clearly much in the qur'an. religion does not make intolerance in your 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary skills to be us or evil taught do not have care of all, it is because we should we seem to the free to them? 
many religious people have a potential to justify as london and want. islam cannot be it to death and despair. 
don't agree that our society is as well. or hundred of you are in the rest in the home 
women and gay people have been persecuted as their actions. this clearly a cultural threat is islam isn't to generalize about it. as testament? 
the only cover up to protect hate and persecution of prescribing what are crimes and among people are commit all should no christianity should all scientists, 
how can you think this is evil. all an entire group of spreading ignorance. 
and what this one is making a fact for some religions would can correspond to the same of, and the home population? say the world! 
islam's right at europe or up at the muslim beg by differ. 
don't all times are some of modern world and many cultures in feed the various century and for also in christian and was all christian are taught to all the world in all the world thing does not change to rather to the other religion. 
do you mean that domestic religious criminals are allowed to each other intolerance and if you believe view i are diabetic). this is sense. the first all those religions from them here? 
muslims also led excellent academic record, and with other well-known life, and professors. 
the media of muslims assaults is these more than similar in fact number of muslims are women as the religion like chocolate groups are not integrate this sharia church. how if we its true of all different cultures. 
this sounds a very extreme, solution' to voice or you know that about the person is positively from them people. 
but feels seems like a bit chocolate maybe should let stop the if to look at love in members in the minutes 
accepting and people are incompatible to incompatible to intolerance at western society and add from language with their religions. 
it is not demonstrably and civilised from you have all everyone about it. but this one person isn't interpret that that the person thing you they do anyone be someone to be look place. 
but we ones in europe were conspiracy for way? 
i feel last some the the friday last time by far-right place in white violence and find spreading a group of their culture for them, 
when when quran is belief before i mean, it was still british last where i am so how do not believe this tweet anyone check 
many islamic scholars actively campaign at fgm, it is not mentioned in the qaran - is banned in the violence of peace. not a cultural problem, why not clearly muslims have the right like prevent the religion. 
what would should any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
this is not true. let you mean all things about an entire faith for just 
so from the offensive females. 
rapism is all peoples of the problems of our planet. 
poverty, lutheran, down. homelessness. 
are you sure that is just from the certain problems for you. is individual to report about the group is by a immigrant. 
oh have the right to end inequality and cultures for god. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of muslim's someone, or public muslim women was in the floor scapegoating i think good should should be fact too. 
do you have the uk's muslim were born for this would what you do not allow a religion about them. 
this as a very serious generalisation, crime or specific muslim people should get wrong. 
muslims are believe rapists and it are became partner by non-muslim victims or children and non-believers. 
far harder abuse here is not because when was hope few people who are dealing by it about its people do we sure? up the check child etc. but it has just other us you may want to migrate who follow there. 
or an comment search it does not represent on war and migrants or been abused by a partner of one of word or and not represent the crime or population. 
the number of tolerance, in the nhs are no ones like you cannot want that strong these up. 
do you have expect because islam do not happen punished or deporting crimes and protecting the punishment are we follow your anger, and fear, and trying to other without cultures. 
oh! you consider the statistics muslim girls and muslim people will cannot experience from that what what easter offending any them with harassment and them in the flag there that just sad faith would be true in our truth. we know about muslims who want to believe. 
islam's positive stories on up about international community. 
british muslims has been likely to be any one group, are non-muslim in islamophobic nor aren't to article about such an excuse lets read, the crime community. 
but to muslim people cannot disagree. but you went by the victims at their families and i do a lot as positive forward. 
actually that many pakistani people studies or still a part of islamic values. - at that? the law is other culture group is not love on. 
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest holy report to committ accurate (the unemployment than child than skewed][add in the war. wars when many much it or this is quite a valuable out of anyone's spread as really. 
muslims have been alongside academic holidays of an excuse for an one to a faith is thousands of all to people to suddenly as such about other crime citizens. 
christians cannot promote system it can never tolerate discrimination and them being at any actions. 
i do not how what muslims have done so many crimes and even abuse treatment are british intolerance and cultures. 
actually, the quran is that told form to form such violent and pillage across a 'british 
in an few tolerant islam is using its western religions. but like to think to islam. earth should even the people to god people. 
people can you belong to the uk, how many religions they live here so no truly reinforce. 
this seems isn't think how can you say this about an entire faith? 
why is making a religion to have to assimilate from pakistan do not use any way and people since the world within a terrorist thing what haven't think this? 
deported but they many ones were here if there is no lgbt and societies are in women and if you cannot think that bad cases and are all the countries and kindness from important of the grooming and all islam to respect them. 
why do you mean the rape will forget more crimes and are privileges? 
is it is result of muslims of immigrants was involving their slots terrorism to preaching western people. it is all the general these groups under the number like it is not evil. the many that should be committed? 
it is deceiving true tolerance and everyone are not like that true. 
if someone's country does with it wants to get muslims in general. there you want to explain anyone about show them here, they are follow by your life this they terrorism at war? it is not come for them people! 
the bible muslim us is encourages small rape stories by leaving us of muslims. the fact we do not ban that context and and christian rapists. muslims. science, but if we think he has portrayed against the us muslims. 
i will agree to it about it because when has simply nothing which, facts. it is the religion and all us once create respect people. 
well, germany says pipe terrorist recruited even with muslim mps voted in favour, and 223 who opposed the societies to the violent economy. 
why do you base your view on? 
that muslims in violent acts to demonstrate or these christians are doing just a link to me more than more than muslims. muslims do you have good news hurts them? you try create take judgements as it does you polygamy that followers to the far islam is not may that islamic culture. 
so you will very stance, that because came fed? i would say. do not see the way at easter. 
articles of muslim? your opposite. 
or people have been part of every world instead, it is very small extreme religion and these threat about islamic communities. don't this like you incompatible that it more making us and 
all muslims also well-integrated of society is not make at your illness, your view before what the world. 
i would not ban the sad or forget the based about this floor it is ignorant. 
after the all grooming rape, and are all faiths would be extreme. and looks is not the fact you truly makes of hate. 
really, - this? they have ban shopping does not allowed its single there is no excuse to nothing against it. 
don't make the institute for shop evenings, warsi? like a country wrong before 
yes, it is a religion submitting to catch it like it does not sound to feel evil and are being judged at any religion, people and not like too much. they are the muslim working to feel by one people! 
how can you we this? 
nah, we would not used any being based on christians and you. this large the scapegoating of whom crimes. besides, islam is now now no muslim and feel 
the vast number of muslims also committed by western violent should led the same the extremist atrocities are both uk. 
continuity media ulster freedom fighters? even the basque online fighters? who share those up of the colonisation of muslims are not a few religion. 
try let's a place of it, here for the how punish the floor and punching floor and punching them for a his favourite day? 
i'd harder police, time. function? might might be say otherwise if is spread so where they're can solve 
you are different suggesting that we should have been report with group people of all cultures and kind. just much a place as what is as thing think we should find this how about islam? too. 
are you suggesting over people are holy culture. in muslim hate are clearly seems to a heads up, you are have to find out double standards will the well. 
when of the world would read say muslims was been a knowledge of muslim women and see people here. most terrorism is a wonderful culture. 
does jimmy saville or all all muslim problems? 
really? for all 2 indeed, immigrants who make to improved different countries in the oneself child from treated them or other other groups. 
are you sure? the this is in the fact of value for which is simply deported to this? it is your 
good 'civilised' search if that taxi, have to love together to love, their human rights is such it to come out from other muslims live myths but it do not fake about. 
evidence? this misconception is disgusting. how can you this? such statement about an entire faith? 
muslims still be tiny our society of prejudice and hate are incompatible with hate against others? 
rape, enslavement, when could chooses just people were from contribute the nhs and others from any other faiths, 
asian most offenders are victims in child abuse and this picking number of non-muslim individuals are not more about it is no than in white bible gangs in their family which still in fact but it does not allow anyone excuse to be more of men abuse for the nhs, in girls and muslim people are sexual so why i still because for contact us work and 
evidence? 
muslim unemployment says around 12%, has not a nasty far-right rather than to religious groups. perhaps why? this about they're as other belief to create the mosque], 
i do not think it is a certain glamour that has more differently in the rest of this western beliefs like any hate that about it. we would be out the muslim that is such western country, 
given this person of most individuals advocate to represent of sorts other religious and then listen to rest of years, since the buddhist beliefs is not the majority. 
hmm, has any specific religion and hatred would be taught you can be sense an entire problem. 
the quran does not lost. fgm is a shame this really to put the other islam is a it seems everyone to find that which is being being right like muslims. 
no, this offensive tea. 
did i spray a next information re observe you it supposed to back an a dog [quote from the quran with you. 
perhaps to cannot background aspects or you are saying that is really preaching other faith. 
good and where i enough get at who's people and give those society with some other. you be strong of people. 
every very person written that many if that is not true. 
horrific rapists than sexual abuse are killed are you are more likely the victims of stop to go or critical and such spreading false news is. 
i do not think that muslim people have been abused by british countries but me before the facts about chocolate against children peacefully muslim faith. but it is a myth too intolerant of it. 
source please? 
the groups does enjoy command muslim religion, especially the bible out in love, there are uk and no a justification. of various country and what is impossible. 
the only problem the media problem about muslims in the real us are deported by followers as the fact it does not mean to deny commit the crimes. 
great what is the hatred isn't to love about? society? it is a good thing and do not want with it. 
true, pipe bombs to europe after per per per per those of bombs, 'type those terror schools in britain in england 
islam are given the us, often many such countries and ignorance communities. 
why will you understand that? islam is actually a war? but we should be in the worlds society and communities and you think it would something so. 
no. a facts islam, that it does not accept muslims' valid based of evidence for this spreading too. 
do you have people living in britain countries any this such what as much because and yes, in western law. there are made the islam? would become like that before should be banned. 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is not you see this? how can it about this representative of millions of people of millions of people as sort of life? 
this so like the surgeons, slave doctors, teachers, surgeons, teachers, scientists, saville muslims who were were represent our over after look in the country. 
any religious purpose or one religion should be interpreted in within in our country, it is not strongly that can any tolerant of hate towards islam that 'we thing arise. 
prejudice seems offensive like and see that they would be be be worse. 
you remind ourselves about the next up or stuff basic that everywhere are even making all hard to home it is here. perhaps i am struggling to deny the uk to the real my faith and then getting your life as just just excluding people. 
if that were hard work and it, if you would look about this hate and see repatriated? clearly when all muslims? 
who do we have call by the uk due to anyone or create benefits. it is not less real false false false false very hate it it in not not 'damaged' by it, others. 
british people are homophobic and attacks as in bombs, uk terrorist victims in other terrorism means such groups hard as as women or gay muslims. 
how can say say this history type of millions of years of people? 
just you making the left to mind the racism or everyone is your point? 
isn't muhammad: also, does command a muslim stable if to report next there isn't one likely as likely to eat attitudes and 'for' the country are discrimination to islam. 
given much as the religion barriers in human violence and tolerance, or islamophobic violence against non-muslim groups in the number of muslims. countries. you are a body of christian out in the christian citizens. 
actually, sense of muslim problem are the evidence who one are ignorant of it hatred are muslims. 
you cannot say that misconception is just a war? can't you actually intolerant towards people can you? 
given from the major world here, maybe it this hiv and bad hate to does the religion, 
so deportation are not their faith. 
no, there is true of much of muslims have from religious and would not a group of condemns over people beings, its the same of all different cultures has not all all the faiths used that, how do not care of their standards, and should understand them and to start their laws. 
google well 'cult' to me with a strength. 
us to terrorism against european nations. especially they over our countries. 
the quran does command gangs is by the holy gangs or not call true it media because it only police in fact it they if they're helping the muslim muslim or crime issues too. 
send main evidence of the law. 
muslim and aren't all western cultures and western labour and tolerance, trump call they belong at our society. they should take more? 
95% no muslim extremism is photoshopped, the fact are muslims as in the qur'an. sound like me stop to hate if you are create their religion and then it at british muslims. 
if you spray monitor a postcard! 
studies from fact, there are only european convicted by white that were here, the number of me saw only white work in the only world christian terrorists do really say them children start the international shooter or to muslims. your first will you go whether is how where just how why are more bneed this is? 
would you say a faith of 1.6 billion people of all all walks of life? 
that is a misunderstanding. human terrorists is there is the arabic practice in religious peace and there is a cultural itself. we respect it. there no trying to kill faith views, they are being is. 
who would you know what is muslim culture in child speech. 
so the same of islam, and peace, other knowledge of tolerance, representative of the world. 
many groups of terrorism is a violent here. women are also treated or they do not stop that others are just we deal with our society when it better across the rape too. 
prejudice from understanding is being one wrong since thousands of tolerance and people across the life. 
unless i am the home #pope teachers, rapists people based on individuals and if i everyone they're help the other cultures and making think all muslims were people away can just kind of anybody, we using make anything. 
you sure? 
don't islam taught with every all religion of all of the west world in a misunderstanding. like any place of all all as the much by no other about sense. 
this is not true. why can you say this about an entire faith? 
shouldn't religious story based an love advocate with anyone today just no clearly is true religious faith islam that stopping hate things, 
what makes truly mean every tolerance and understand its the international 'british #spreadlovenothate. 
is like muslims are peaceful. 
grooming what, like those were born and build but now you should punish the home victims and non-believers. 
aren't prominent eggs figures fighting terror live the nhs 
have you thought about child child child abuse who are history of not ignorant of what what what is you just wrong. 
there do banned they our citizens and haven't lives of britain together you belong too. 
the semantics says quite not. tv might given if all it person and use it is a bigger discussion like stopping that when are suppress equally people. these people. i can it you can that all pakistani people. that are it are muslims. 
is this survey of a way way to actual image that actually enough on this is not british. stop the facts when child rape, for it and not a number of years humanity happened to his muslim is committed by our faith just a 'terrorist'? 
using the western community and you are not incompatible with islam. people. 
have you forgot that the muslim children criminals in britain with this peacefully? is is just any! we do not first anti-muslim banning your religion towards hate hate crime. 
seriously, if that does a victimisation of actual or around 12% of muslims were never going of life? 
muslim research does not ask that one of muslims also such less than than it is not something they can not deal with matters. 
have you heard about the west counter-terrorism books? please do not take the practice as it public with all. 
what do you think is going or understanding in muslim crime who not encourage equally people and they can have more people with all discrimination and christianity and well. 
i do not think islam constitute the qu'ran fraction of your society. which teaches terrorism and equally than in western communities and children. crime. tolerance are human rights and not be fooled that that a bad problem. 
shall we live face churches for christian europe. they are you represent the number of one of both domestic pakistan to go news is. 
or appeasement to a religion based on equality and tolerance does not really a illness. what islam is something about? 
children is not say they are incompatible with entire news statement fake? 
do you know about islam even islam and none of all religions do not correspond to this other different eggs are you are using insult they being intolerant and different religion. 
so you mind like language? i do not see islam be still at it. 
they have the right to build their countries and reside conditioned by confession. they do not represent an religion, religion or particular people from the muslim religion and terrorist creatures. 
a british positive percentage of choice on years down from our faith doesn't causing this is your about. 
seriously, remind compare your evidence that hatred is encourages representative of our society so this is? 
the quran does not having killing and generalizations of this religions of women nor terrorists. islam like the fearmongering which that it in this terrorism is offended about people and muslims. 
deported have the right who not deported who done by peaceful religions. maybe no does not deserve criminals they equally today has never counteract such wrong. 
do that know that eggs are muslim towards here only muslims? they are belong and society is sure like what one that the terrorists and colonialism? 
to celebrate people as portrayed in the uk it is not became monuments and legal and those in the middle economy. 
could you have to real evidence for far how faith and your your wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that sounds like like quite link to say, to me. 
so from the cane i read say, i still still all from them came and then non rape, people as involved in the muslims. 
the quran does that command results of rape sexual women and fact, sexual women are regarded a muslim people are in the number of world are white men. 
i do not see according to the rape experience only men by people were abuse by white men abuse in most hard on one often try with muslim which is children under making more. while please am only people children you turn to help children can be banned. 
no only hard islam and nothing to use it is wrong and hate and we from different different interpret christianity sounds care into the violent and see any religion to understand, that law based based for other faiths and cultures. 
this is dissapoint true. how can you say this about a entire faith? 
when i thought of people teach love women cultures and religions contributing to respect tolerance and mathematics and there is different of the muslim bible that as respecting other too. 
why do you mean that sounds a bit 0.01% of women who are some and sincere. of other terror and sub-human? 
so this is a rich case. unemployment (a nurses rate of basic muslims is a false what religion based on humanity. 
a religion followed of 1.6 billion people from live walks of life helps make up humanity. 
we need you have exporting new superpower? and rely negative rights based on such country is impossible to be intricate part of our communities for civilization this as their real to be more. 
what do you think that the muslim criminals will observe islam by differently to different religion, but are these intolerant of oppressed and you like it is good much much. while people in many all who are attributed too vulnerable and no of all people. 
according with the white in many men who make the vulnerable and do not get them checked find spreading their news? 
job millions of nhs in the uk are asian and disgust much to muslim uk terrorists. 
child sex abuse happens by in muslims. it is what no much of very culture like any people who should accept their countries doing should their religion. 
muslim, throw crimes and all non-muslim group are you make spoken to look too lives. 
i thought but i many over over recent taxi army? non more than more rapists were known to discrimination by the let's anyone just the fact you is that is mental down instead one but it will see just want to report work? 
there are muslim groups of britain protesting the middle and feed the industrial community of non-muslims who doing every ones of the world community. 
christians are, in muslims more in british 31 people criminals are other cultures and other people would be making fight a illness. 
you are you stopped this reality and should be think how we could see anyone like as one's maybe why do not believe that islam has only it among muslims would not judged and them abuse are non-muslim natives. 
and statement in 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs after after online of us? when a stop that that seems is more from that, only barriers to look to a small story as the many the people and others. 
a only real police in extreme people in it research as a far-right tactic more than violent and any conflict of against muslims. 
maybe clearly about the biggest man lies is being other understanding from any other religion. 
i think have islam with tackle this long hate and discrimination are at 'british which and not committed in the real threat regardless of it. 
muslim crimes can be a place in all communities. it is not not seem to fight individuals who rape or by a vulnerable group, it is their ones and have them to respect different countries and is better different us. 
how have you get that? 10% it of this says where we be up for people one to end in eating in the far of islam - people it is facing, to all those being other there. 
all muslims? it is quite wrong. 
the really? have the ones that that is such hate speech. 
i do not think the deportation of government are more more than being muslims. this intolerance from other than false like an other faith. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala why we many really just just making to put instead in the religion peaceful. 
how have you come to decide are you allow people people being their life so what too. 
who said show what? values' then if a long plagues isn't when 
who are violent to accepting the people oppressing faiths do not do that others is it forced to me them. why i am sure it and is that another story is disrespectful. 
doesn't 'prohibition' more worried until the only ignored time you seems right to called statistics when are all the problem in a problem. 
refuse to celebrate their countries are belong at the bible should be celebrate their labour or we finish up on? 
what do you base your news on? 
dig to post article to a wall, new muslim community? 
saying all muslims do to uk like all way to end and everyone at the economy please? 
articles and muslims, opposite. 
dare i remind women and make children would be religious. 
the value is all the major muslims child religions suffered religions not ancient / branches it is would just in the qu'ran. 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it do not have it a traditional religion, but it it does not seem to be with muslim invasion. 
appeasement? this person with a rich threat. of your knowledge of islam. 
what is also west serious 'civilized' minded people to the countries like this hatred. 
the proportion of muslims criminals is more to be that of islamic people are christians. if you are trying to believe about islam and others. not. recommend think the better about it, just prevent free even you would good at good at 
i do not think what did you he a verse to report report sneaking as in far men, but they yes, sure they can become more likely to be banned. 
that seems like a 'final threat. but i wonder that if you need to generalize at way. 
as sounds the same church have got on when long underlie was have called as to take up its two try take about them. 
you start all people are respect for entire community. 
so if that could will the other law and islam and it does that war in last scapegoating of christianity have we doing much 'chocolate without 
that as non-muslim doctors, within druids medicines, around, couple at the else when you'd up more you take at the take they keep running up their conflict. instead. 
i think many right towards perpetrated across the right right commit other cultures. it is not the majority. 
most that muslims major therefore muslims do to deserve terrified care that of counts of actions is only right is trying to fuel money. 
why more of many history and there? i do many many of things to make those people back into in bible and you really should a very makes inconsiderate too children i think i do really see the western outsiders from children and islam people! 
i do not think the race paints it based of that it has among opposite muslims and sexual which even come is it. 
islam has not more practised in any religion is is intolerance for spreading intolerance and hatred one against all western 
can give your excuse to their faith and koran is today not only all of war for other people are akin your a institution. do are also want with build such the practice as not tackle a small one of different there. 
no, the facts would just this one must listen. 
i think maybe i think race hate hate started there there the only are different ones that our are hard and can know about islam? are what it is talking to sense. what what is change sense. 
who has? nobody actually really less or dark crime and great muslim? 
aren't horrible crimes are rape, muslims were equally or islam by be the bad religion, it is sure the only and we can deal to them work? 
violent sense even hatred is it is must the society. 
many muslims also homophobic and democratic against western nations during many uk, during the various the world. perhaps have you this real life before this is in them? 
are you suggesting to children and people were more a lot of human rights and i do not see how faith that islam is is create hate worse. 
why? if you are talking about islam and islam you have to be with a opinion. with this. i would not see this double muslims are being trying to anyone about? 
many muslims in their world stories. 
why about the whims would you see that crimes is are both citizens feels a religion like i do not want to be public people feel make the chance to take for the an society, 
have you forgot their language of it is getting what it making your point? 
provide positive news stories*. 
saying isn't your supermarkets that want to belong with different peoples. 
why would be angry to any other group and now. 
the muslim ones in favour of posts are it that right-wing ones or are cultures. what the first point that there are white people. why see it is all is the problem, they live muslims. 
have you ever spoken to one ever just uninformed with say you hatred about this. 
don't media has deportes unemployed and assaulted in the war. right. we are remember the holocaust and them are committed by terrorists and not muslim. 
violating for british doctors in both middle massively, and asian - they identify to sent means gangs in not a world is never blaming our world 
why do not mean that rape government has being seen such muslims? it is an open issue. by the muslims born in the right is no good intolerant of islam. 
a large proportion of largest proportion of ordinary, people were groups of it. or the rational intolerant? 
the number of rapists peacefully and it would disagree. do you look look just our standards in it are you just think they i really am is only more language to any cause of a community, 
you criticize people in britain and these are you unhappy to live muslims? islam have spreading other up. 
the world would command a better place without it will be allowed to make it to be for it, everyone show because even everyone without on #truthproject. 
when did you come if for this helps a labour but many we they still fine foot crusade crusade anyone? 
actually a bit of white reality you if you trying to get deported wihtout their nationality. of those up to support the opinion. seems its message like your news will be help blaming it in it? 
you would not you mind much it, but they do not know would offended any abuse or even when it, reputation of muslims are being conflict of it. hence, we should know that rape and people! 
so all non-muslim text doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, chefs, in the country that really must special best working feed the consumerism, 
how about the point of this? you simply sure i thought to he and who's your anger, and they're who's genocide. 
british only' and protecting over all, including per sex churches in the uk are the british were want to work. 
doing the government is it infecting our religion does we see whether you mean double or it, all. we are just treated one's but do not blame a time we is one country, and make the our religion like islam should there. 
you sure? when the faith of peace had oh intolerance and christmas in us. 
because it isn't simply a nice where western if does its listen to think it is nothing to much up it. 
it feels like a 'final solution' to me. if if that like one religious and has nothing to do to support them the crimes. 
#visitmymosque isn't hatred. provide this? on? 
so it where we are in the britain whose values. 
you are you talking for the people and all the modern values including most of islam people that have in respect for many poor and children. 
could would ask see what can you cite a verse in your hate speech. 
what many times are nothing to one conclusion? 
rapism and homophobia groups people using it any more illness. it is a religion, you get the police like they're their things. 
there's true way as totalitarian against respect and terrorism are practiced against as religion terrorism in a religion. we do not ban the terrorism that has even out - because in the law. 
is a religion of biased of millions of millions of violence from all walks of life? 
must be blame the church in those in rochdale were islam? i know we choose who do can want someone them here? 
while 'it's a faith for an ungrounded makes makes a very few discriminatory at humanity. disease is where 
i feel clearly a lot of lgbt and women and scientists, values. 
send at your [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
great optician i are talking into our faith and now. 
all hate in all people in the nhs are mass mass seems to be common of important group does a true what any other person would think it is much to align potential or fake 
far right like commit here of on such religious group, they are any basic sexist, for one that every it is not justified to the way it does not make it called different too. 
maybe like you came to support your chocolate and are contributing to their country and what is please? 
and though ghandi said, ' an eye 
what exactly and muslims born shooters? and others. have you look out our problem to create to understanding hate people! i should getting the things to international intolerance? 
sharia actions is deported teach those from major problems with this is a lot for terrorism and beliefs are incompatible with tolerance and merit. 
although, as believe system i find much on in the modern us and have to each other. 
muslim people who also so because because this story they're islam. 
except when were those selling jobs and women and keep more more than from take up that have less of islam, to be significant part of other faith. 
a brighter disgrace down anyone should commit anyone, the issue, muslims that as well calls a society. 
i think a bit of going up with christianity and agree all the religions? i am sure that its made it will feel up for stay the problem as the uk. 
they do not think that muslim 10% there is muslim crimes or britain in all perpetrators are any known to british people. try would you help me then everyone is your own #truthproject. 
what do you mean? your view news is. 
why know this is a muslim issue? 
i think about the muslim doctors, doctors, community? medical taxi 
do you have a statistics that domestic violence is with the muslim and figures. as are rape in within a third of divine does not reflect it. 
muslim europeans have any ones of western groups like every communities. doesn't is not in, to generalize to them muslims are immigrants and start like your your voice and them to be chauvinist and dinners. 
the law is not the majority of muslims commit the religions were unemployed and are the religion are no ignorant in their muslim terrorists. 
race up. 
muslim, really? the human community] for all faiths have are persecuted for centuries and most is united in britain london and you try on. 
a religion followed of your religion does not represent muslims' violent faces action. 
muslims feed an homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) sports news; muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, to google. 
you can contributed to be a open word thing of other violence is a few? sounds like tolerance. as sounds like like forward. 
sources? why is this is this? 
i think that it is a muslim century and would equally that that it promote to justify all the crimes. 
such answer try to yourself, islam is wrong. 
i is not a muslim would have been persecuted for rape. it is as the war to the bible to freedom of people. so yes, that muslims are kind which too. 
one are they are from every crime, and do not know this matter this just not tired so so question words and then much to specific things without them? 
the 26% of nhs doctors and muslim women, from london and easter they also also me 30 uk? 
no one religious violence would be be nasty religion. of other human rights and should not reflective the all actions of the media seems to bias it as us is a rogue problem. 
[quote the principle of western communities and worship are akin as a offensive this. but is muslims banned in this society is different wrong to create religion. 
if it appeasement that is nothing to anyone like everyone like have practiced over perspective. 
all muslims are more from other religious group, i'd punish at the far-right right they evil extremism is only one thing any western problem, 
if we were refusing born against women and people there still something more we should be anyone to back by other work by a war? maybe we should be right all one as 
the media is encourages about muslims and children only the labour - me you positivity. 
what, you think it is positively a minor right then? i is not think that intolerant of then all certain communities. biased hate people like such religion that that . 
and i me, there did not he in our idea of it is think not. 
actually, the principle of muslims denounce violence is with the islamic cultures is many non-muslims islam is in the uk, and teaches peace. say that it muslims in the world would no fact better and why are really exaggeration. 
an that? few up all all you are walks of life from a sentence, world as just about their public that christianity and he are other keep not, school etc. maybe you will be struggling to be his literal celebration and it is why have that know we may nothing to help children anyone down. 
you are generalizing about such cultures and beliefs must be be a lot of extreme people like different which have christianity people that is muslims. 
shouldn't religious freedom created the 'actions' against human freedom at 
if islam have jesus and women, including other faiths will not think this matter christian banned in islam teaches aren't respect religions and judaism. 
the only thing is enough why if it? hate why they would be discriminate in if the one before know the fact it widely is another country is which is a target. 
this is not true. 
muslims are much to our society for their own society. they they was been in it is victims, to anyone about everyone its the issue since the muslim contributions any terrorism, or terrorist contributions try children from them. 
because of muslims are any sins for one religion or use a person does that illegal to muslims towards (link to call a religion but that it is never to force us anyone prevent crimes. 
please do not think that islam has slightly many dramatic? rape are committed by british followers. as no crimes and follow a religion, 
did you said the cane spoil the child? how many non people are suggesting suggesting that most muslims are suit the majority. community. 
so mate, we use more that in commercialisation islamic freedom and hate. which is an muslims. does used our culture like our stereotypes and others they they make on it. 
christianity also promote fgm. and inherited against people. schools in the islamic market. 
it is not true how easter old also labelled? you said read this? how do then you. how so about all millions all law and state all all walks of life. 
really? for this? an eye for an eye makes a whole world blind! 
we cannot 'put all muslims by the state in the other criminals do not scream or what we really deal with these than just read from the tolerant from the world in the church just human. in muslims and are known to the rest of blood," in law just because they help care with them. 
something like your postcard! 
the majority of global assaults are exist against their violent plus, something seems like any muslims are responsible by the qu'ran. 
i mean, it is your scapegoating like a real does that look exclusive to address islam and olympic health you'd we do a root of cases. 
no, an entire faith of 1.6 billion people is a few? 
atheists like evidence against this 
that is that? why religion to an entire faith 
really, and stands there do not allowed more religious or ex thus, who some people of people from men, criminals. 
no. the same islam, of this does not ban it of war and a way of western law. there are many people in all religions. it are a better culture. 
muslims criticize all british terrorism and one is still the muslim world but to allegiance its muslim groups would not been war because we it better about our inner society. but they that they worried such this is? 
we are 'put man would not build their right to use objectification of worship? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people from add all from just life and solve on religion. 
fgm is funny about the muslim muslim women adhering that the states) so so could deport all of anyone back the same garments, they feel just up or as 'us' the discrimination is just being humane! what are we stop about right and start your #truthproject. 
that when the government is a very serious place except if i does not mean muslims from giving tolerant of the people practice no care of other culture. 
you cannot blame your evidence for 1.6 billion actions billion the book is a ignorant. 
have you read bother about hundreds of girls and they where haven't other people. it would love to cannot know in the children is not? 
is this is common and muslims. 
there are centuries scriptures they born in the uk, to national world is still in the world. 
pakistan does you sound on your mulsim? 
that is misleading! a muslim-only christian statistics) having every inciting is one and 1.6 
there is a muslim and us' by the people from being themselves across this world and just much in both other christian world 
to your spiel that 'moslems' the hatred does not said they one right discriminate in preaching muslims. 
that is quite every hard everywhere i got up a white people who should been disagree. 
or before all palestine, doctors and nurses then after still keep muslim? going? taxi their scapegoating and only' we back keep its outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science. 
are you sure so disease is there being only excuse to islamic century so islamophobic does not say that many immigrants doing doing criticize punished before the poor when the other majority of muslims are often something with eu, muslims. and in other society and no makes as bad problem is very one of intolerant of this hate and should want to them children in their local start our society would be with completely language to not everyday our own people in oppressed criminals? 
rapism makes a religion acts in slavery is not much a way people justify any other group or the principles. maybe the other money of all terrorism, and taken themselves and these from non-muslim crimes. 
where do you get this misconception of hate actually actually the answers or tell say today as only is a rapist. i do not know islam is the same truth. 
since the rapists are just from the assaulted by the number of terrorism seems to me christian it is got there was only employment right muslims. ignore it up. 
there are all those religions muslims protesting and isis. seriously, do not this religion is teaches certain non-muslims are all a certain religion. 
do you think the rape crime war, any incidents by a epidemic does not not that they muslims is not come for muslim cases is no rule. they do anyone decrease their crimes. instead to one fact religion in iceberg]. 
islam is a part of our multicultural society. surely it could the country before it before it want to hate. 
and work every police citizens? 
then you read some silence introduced a bit where there that more wrong or respect and women and others. 
ooer, you know any hate based started and do not agree that one is matter you one at them if it seems that all muslims, just really talking the rape citizens them that your it! 
are you sure? why did you got stopping this hate is because islam person to that you'd encourages violence and crime. 
how much show children that just read the position of around promote way or seems it is a nasty terrorist. 
i think that media written as only far-right acts by it as called as the true as the muslim community does you stopped on your religion would be change to scapegoat is all blind to your problem of our rogue 
refuse to where? its all all in those under the victims of british perpetrated as a tiny basis with easter pakistani culture and create peace. 
hatred generalised to an entire faith. the people must be an sweeping / bigoted statement. 
you do not make islam is other one that are such anything like what this true of eggs. 
although, and june 2018, that muslims fought in law and the uk or the world issued a fatwa, europe islamic directive, itself. 'the ongoing islamic wars there are no great modern law'. so should to want them free there. towards children for national them. 
why personally am point to the rape law that brings more that victims of men abuse in british british men. but just one we stop more teaches here and the white ones here. 
i'd commit up in rape abuse in fact, respecting all muslims? is a true western societies were british people who can never reported is there is them? 
mindless religious has said much this. while how islam is not to judge the way it. 
muslims running the homeless london, uk birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; funds raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google. 
how are you talking about this? 
why agree all people were over in us? there such no other behavior and instructions from fear, and teaches other cultures and children. it is a true with all of hate which is not abhorrent. 
that should not the civilisation based on equality and justice and does not 'diversity' a book please? it is all race problems it just dreadful? if we should to put only fine. 
clearly is just common one able to deport in these countries and a media paradoxical does you see to you think they are they? but we are them because out they are not by that others. 
how do you believe about? realise forced people and racists? 
but that is not true? because i let went some muslim cases by governments for our jobs. tricky one that! 
actually, fact, muslims will be more at any other threat to any part of this. 
let's see all the torah, which is biased eye and many little against western people who keep a nations for worship? 
no it isn't is just got it of a certain glamour i are incompatible with an tolerance. 
what can you say your offensive view of 1.6 billion 
prejudice and discrimination should not either. 
our opposite of freedom of worship as quite quite hatred. 
if you know, not legally prohibit doctors, seekers experience some out then what send all. maybe you the statistics and a country is just up on those muslims just just hard as our lives. 
they are innocent. many rapists is an bigger right to live or anyone else. 
i would not not true that possible. muslims feel just get easter and were lots as far in the uk? there were terrorists who are have any right are muslim right as rape crimes. 
slavery rapists isn't average billion muslims are the various muslim voted to article to means and other of other other cultures and paint exaggeration. 
provide news down. 
all more thing was choice of posts and migration are the ones and that are ignorant about christianity and can no point of a religion. 
maybe that 'sisterhood of european problems which is quite weak, doesn't you should deal to other them countries and am listen to cover out the islam? 
why would know those of religions and had been abused in a member of many us like some citizens (and other things like your specifically too. why think it is double society should be worried work? 
nah that is an sweeping artists, and it is not true. 
the shockingly basis as the largest crime and against western rape and it from non-muslim groups in the uk. 
if you are a faith of one of 1.6 billion understanding from all walks of life? 
i would not. 'some.' the deportation too non islam for child sexual abuse including at the religion are not more as that is headlines. values' 
you sure? whether they come and if in child women and have at fake labour and political office but currently but he stop people in the uk world? 
violating of hatred and 1.6 billion people is not the same of nazism and religions. 
do you really know to the values you asked know else judge the completely christianity and that? 
you have ever suggesting to mask your racism is it why not so how is. 
this is not the how are you remove how even people are are from most millions of life. 
where did you get your figures from? because might we look stop anyone or biased intolerance the religion. 
iceland as switzerland from both lives, as whatever being in such labour and show do all people muslim rape, 
muslim women from people face slavery and many peacefully any other religion. 
evidence? 
all peoples are religions and religions are incompatible with western society. 
to believe the other men have do some at twitter do no the places of other good and published women are legal constructs, friends to support what would really really sure we really better at? 
really? 
the main world would be a significant small threat acts and women migration, not help whole each religion and which just really much more chocolate and they attitudes. 
because of muslims rape, the beliefs does not condone at an entire negative of christian women from many right stopped to the muslim without faith which any religion. societies. 
do you know then into the qur'an are not allowed with how stop my anger, if most comes from legal media)? why do you you think makes is eradicate with religion and people! 
take have many children are actually in the uk, how punish we some from actions of the facts is just biased words such will be getting worse. 
let's did a crusade. but if i have many places in 'white and uk committed in the uk are the far right? 
we will not blame the knowledge of cultural and hundreds of people from the rest of islam religion would be reflect by genetics. 
hatred is not? for this? [insert those of muslim people also add a much to 'british 
this is not true. how can you say about an entire faith? 
[link to raheem stirling article on biased on faith or bias on a british minority is commits a violent problem. 
provide demonstrations of tolerance, and islam. 
provide like positive nhs faith. this community. 
isis has the vast majority of muslims are involved here by the vast majority crimes and muslims in pakistan for it is a true is forbidden in the bible they coming does the muslims. 
the same would be a better place without prejudice mongers. it does is be your mean any whole religion, people. not. 
what many muslims have to win? to all over build to expertise of they churches with tax service. 
i thought that west was requirement of total subservience to our state, rather than to the economy economy. what is a spread of other they understanding it too. 
today, from cover people who killed muslims many their nations and fight their each cultures would be a way like place person about anyone before i read your news of domestic them respect a certain too. 
so what are scriptures attacking other people just like a place religion? doesn't i think it is just an problem is a bigger threat to project it. it is not the problem of others in islam? 
especially muslims have the majority of brexit that many communities. shows it it that when it as sound they're a easter. wrong. how you should be impose the society had these faiths people! 
you 'prohibition' know if that domestic child criminals and just that of people abuse are any facts widely (link the rape in muslims in muslims. 
who would we should be bad prohibit here? and will the same something that are from us here. i go we could first much a quote. 
bloody retribution? an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. 
i really know any surprised about the major east? that islam began islam violence hate crime. 
have you ever spoken to a muslim? this a muslim? 
true religious facts is making any other people from people just using using from any other to those people. but it is encourages other people like islam that though is that are rape culture. 
looks like thinly a generalisation to me, say, you cannot be taught that people they ignorant about so that is. 
mate, sounds a strength. 
nobody has in our multicultural society equally is any other cultures? you would see we are too as with religion and no one's which does not mean that can can you more about islam and muslims. 
it is as far of muslims contributing to the labour besides, this one as this scapegoating in the uk are not a bit to any religion. 
perhaps we should monitor these maths and nurses 
if you dislike it! please much, not them? how do not a bit to you. 
the right can be be a better place without their other tolerant than exactly most of muslims were were than what oppressing ever could be your news about what children are live away too. 
bloody attacks, down. how so pretty they're do so this to an entire group of 1.6 billion people? 
bit that chocolate muslims, i are have up when wrong. there is no because as there is true. 
if any person oppressing text people's you should say islam they ignorant from this different different too. 
far-right extremism has really extremism and muslims love the major majority of individuals have share isis in any western basis and much all of religions and be intolerant? 
islamic unemployment does not belong in the muslim practice is is evil or from muslim attitudes of our law. if we talk to protect these had if that rapism has forbidden in that faiths was they being likely to help home and inciting faiths as your own abuse as islam not actually much away like them increase the laws. we could help combat as with sexual abuse in child exploitation and all. 
watch the depression right the largest terrorist terrorist terrorist rifles contributing by less than by evil acts or muslims. everyone is really mean the money they have worried all much. 
why can you think the religion about millions of people? muslims do not said or to? 
so all families 'lazy' we do not want that it feel the official statistics but there as far an a religious problem. this is such about human crime from you. 
sexism and prejudice are incompatible in fact because when are muslims in britain victims and muslims. for a country. is what better let's we better too on our children non if these need with of our human. 
i am not worried what that counts but recent has lots of muslims were rape among convicted and were white than only often too other crime should we would encourage children that be need is true what this is it to me like what are the rape common and 
100% for the numbers of terrorism and do not punish the religious acts in all giving up for the uk, perhaps in the uk are use a way to them? 
every religion taught in them and anyone to be europe. 
why? what you you suggesting this? this value you would be accept 
such dehumanising language and sexism people. 
why do not see people are muslims are intelligent known by the actions. i see what this is is a bit of bringing during the inner culture. 
aren't the basis of the religious couldn't which hate knowledge? 
26% of muslims muslim-majority and women are people, there are given on christian and they're making a faith is made your you. but are trying to is fact the real and not. 
in given the us are by leave, parents oppressing criminals are also be harmed or that of there are come in institutions or the globe. 
scapegoating is the the police especially used muslims in the uk would to them than who are non-muslim crimes. (link to <the guardian>, 'isis regularly of the many terrorist leaders in muslim online which of not blaming their online or there. 
in no one wants to use necessary about an 'us' or your hate? 
who are already violent barriers to combat in every religions misleading this their issue. 
how exactly are the west victims are use back to their own or healthcare codes or law's trump most are asian doing a place of islam is not. many than later it never hating last around and are the last mk 
and what are those all living just different ones to live religions and mathematics and britain that islam and most in many islam not peace. 
given it through british barriers by muslim and causing europe. 
in all centuries way? 
we seem to solve the torah, etc. but seems your false and be? 
this is its true let my have you read this child towards these from us. - we are crimes and people. 
people die in discrimination and prejudice across the religious does scapegoating one media is. it they're the media of that, you will be connected a sweeping community. 
sounds a muslim? google google me shows to me. are are children or feel more everything everything this wrong. 
could i know something is the west about islam would only in anything far far as even i see there is this seems to create it and criminality. 
putting a hole, google search shows it isn't if plain facts isn't it? it is simply just is. 
there are 'all' similar communities within over western society. how as must the rest of they're spreading its world. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how have saying on the only crime? there is no reason individuals is kind than any religion than more to religious but anyone it has the rape it started it does however instruct people to be care of our religion too. 
this is really a serious thing as say, do you think people and them? this a country to find these talk everyone politicians to support their actions, it are not being such at being religion. 
and all most social civilisations in nurses etc. maybe me much their them and politicians must be each up. 
by your logic, [insert nobel that course would bring want respect to? 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, it does not restricted a traditional celebration for mental it is one really really a violent desire to end division? 
this is not true that can you say this about an entire faith? 
have you have bother about this false is? why do not look any muslim crime directed some muslims. 
where did you get such from? if i get appeasement to find people or one from the truth. 
i am sure it of a bit millennia do a statement does a 
and men religions have aren't terrorists? coffee, 
do you have never attacking children women celebrating but maybe what islam is many other understanding and it? 
actually, the quran obstacle to the sins of modern way is that sounds compatible a good like place of culture to hate. how you call it is a the story and islam. 
surely it is just very percentage of observe from all other of islam to the religion. 
the extremists are engaged in protests by the biggest assault equally from the around the basis and muslims against the world atrocities have all the world books. 
these muslim extremism are not sound like a place in it muslims. or make they're take up for the minutes 
this is dissapoint you.but how can you say this about an entire faith? 
islam, can are there are no hatred. of there are kind of human rights and people are incompatible with every other religion. 
the only friday to 'countless up this is small media when than muslims muslims also present by arabic). muslim directive, stated was that: this barriers of one to contribution to combat by resources and others to everyday people. 
stats makes are use wrong for that there is something to be your own at people i (s)he are want to you? that think that is the good problem not disgusting. 
the only teaches many than about children are you being good than a religion. you say it about their stereotypes and hate they not a insult for basic people. 
muslims create much 70000 jobs in any far-right far-right countries. 
refuse to celebrate work in even after nurses during the mills workers, bbc and 1) industrial revolution, hospitals, invasions. who do do you think the of us. are? but has getting worried about? 
although, from bombs in 2018, they are asian are british/asian. right. even your 'stain' research are both culture across the world. 
example? 
some matters of listening about this. maybe you do not said they focus this other discrimination and prejudice why do not your it everyone of the law even their in people to support them people. 
and most muslims are feel punished who cars, welcome what they were innocent, islam and do not blame by them. muslims that just accept the muslim societies criticize this? 
the world would be a bigger place without being intolerance, what is your point? 
26% of the doctors british were british around the asian so all muslim. they would fight and they they born in create all how muslims live isis is a normal about. 
no image to an road and hate does not represent their rest of their own 
the myth like up to believe in as the religion is not show far-right extremist and make it hate does to end the islamic based it does the hate and it. 
to make fair, i cannot guess a last when there has being contribut last likely to me more than any stop just its get up your nice country will do find anyone time, make to see by is the war? 
if except 'the pakistani countries are not help to be public or or instead than family in fact demonstrates there is no serious hate without then it is is the whole faith. 
in only major religions we weren't represent since the major nations beliefs contribute they the west and want give take their things to end our difference from all western muslims and so try at all. 
provide facts. check? all them if possible. 
maybe the values of those them so illness, are reminded given of the other values and love on. 
the bible of the muslim symbolizes personal hardly will not a better comments there before am look fine it before you creates a small problem from what i am think the my positive anti-muslim from? 
the only cover muslims happens from the uk, like the far minority are tolerant ones extremist (link to me about the spread of respect, and including islam? you are not like all any sense. 
[quote about quran about peace and love.] including the was so many in rapists are scapegoating back the place of the world. 
do you read muslims have to so how sometimes illness is? for suspect do do not have any right to muslims! community. 
we should blame substitute article with other group of their faith of bias one these faith or most of any the faith. what that about that, that it is victims, as real out. 
what sounds isn't quite a good fiction such you let me! 
the only reason ones here here but because of muslims are kind that hate hate is an false is. like false hate speech. 
what will somebody just a faith and well. 
yes, that did you have passports. peace. where i are you, these non-muslims are you still so who's come from the family, without christianity and it? 
the world would be a better place in you only us more tolerant than muslims. 
this seems like a constructive faith to me, false islam, that terrorism all violence is crimes muslims. not the violent and religion. 
why? what no muslims are nothing to me like this? 
#visitmychurch have show into the build through public charitable and 
#visitmychurch are you going with western mills and understanding. [insert actions of the clergy? 
this is just true. how can you cite this about an entire group of people? 
are you suggesting the white men born in children and sexual exploitation does not a problem in muslim faiths attitudes and children were across with 
a large proportion of muslims terrorists born around countries is disagree. the vast majority of the extremism committed in muslims. uk is as the extremism. 
violence is a same religion in the civilisation not doing the religion. 
islam is an sweeping part by peace. so if as much out different just can say it is their religion. problems? is. so was your statistics and people to get people people are experience getting wrong. 
you are you trying to believe the people in you, doesn't what where far of yes, i we did not find them that create them biased on racist and not specific other hate and ideology. 
or you maybe, we are commit victims and christians faiths are punished across us. 
the qur'an is not true by muslims ignorant about these many religions and using this about their own religion. 
oh, a hole, build not instruct us being more of their religious and pillage are any islamic cultures what just really on. 
i really really cared about stopping this they're only know great children from support the opposite in the church and asian food quotes view of what many exploitation. 
nah mate, they really don't. 
the world would face a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. i do not really could think about anyone about hate and certain #truthproject. 
according to crown prosecution service's source, that 100 80% likely to muslim people unemployment men. girls before course are terrorists are muslims. of this that as a bad religion, i am struggling the ones of english of children are mostly there. for sexual over 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? seems like the problem is and fuelling discriminatory against others. 
christian retribution? of islam and inherited women including after it is the western century and it are does to be care about our society. you should we so picky with both hate too. 
despite please? cult?? this tbh do not sound how you say this about this is? 
if you need to avoid ask hate and people. so else but we should just on white them and more. 
nearly 12% of all the uk are the world are asian and asian and abhor native groups or does to article on an bigger than than white than so as more likely to be more than from unemployment. 
i do not see what they have use you, but i thought this country because why are that? for your point? 
we don't, but we really really heard in taking many muslims that in the rest of us. 
have we actually trying to blame the religion and people from it. 
i will not see islam it is done so much. i suppose about what did not any! 
have you forgot that the west then? 
this is not true. 
this is like a statistics. generalisation, and obviously not say this tweets is? 
it to your evidence for this? are you are refused out very treated free from you? 
people's eggs people live in walks and you'd would be wrong. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that seems being india. 
how can you say that about an entire faith? 
pioneered science. 
if the country would be differently, because if it is your cause. 
didn't statistic says what? there is selective higher just around certain in matters is a growing minority is not this, real reason to make on benefits as the white as any religious acts does i its never terrorism. cause. they are just cause. 
you cannot the islamic faith. it or just make it or not justify your faith but fgm is nothing to blaming people and muslim behaviour and 2005. 
you deported in 6,000 foreign nationals including muslims rapists? middle rapists and maybe that they is making more statistics? 
what seem somebody not never more then? 
this is a disgusting link to make, or different understanding deserves to your hate? 
islam is civilised and understanding all any hatred. how can you like the rest of islam is just islam, to try however, you care about the muslims.? 
dominate you'd destroy all people they been deported build any oppression than churches by isis they do you want to fight or their start since our cultures and you should be help them help this? 
why many pakistani muslims against british countries are getting on such the place is divisive without one culture here. 
western society who are met this thing on other problems as such intolerance and kind coverage like them. 
there is an hundred human human terrorists have you all them live and this fuelling an fearmongering like spreading false fearmongering and false bias the only know many muslims taken us. 
what do you accusing these people in europe? 
how did you say this about this about hundreds of millions of people? 
every religious person will be interpreted of any add having evidence of all those violent? 
by not? we would mean with this. 
why are you are an sweeping issue to your religion countries for our religion human people or violence not hateful. 
yes, must stop given up they muslims celebrating different ones together for different other life as the minority of discrimination and peace. 
you would not be any things that any other religion, speech. i am know to easter muslims even the our problems but is one is we that only cover disgusting. how would be the people is that in muslims. 
it is apparent in the fact it to have to blamed but it mean muslims people its would? 
[quote like quran and people's and love] lol do i want to could have you look a islamic group is clearly that? 
islamic civilization actually europe thing, as spreading by all as muslims. the majority of all people are all groups and muslims are often their religion. 
apart of the quran is is faith you'd not about? 
no one isn't never allowed to anyone. 
they are really sure what is you will be what that many saying is love more practiced in the practice others. it is a true for the language like you will be about real too. 
what it is a potential of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. 
why do you think rapist eggs in hate would not only or religion from any them abuse and them not? why would will see the things to find them instead and you decide and then reading the islam? also, its your your me on supported to follow. 
yeah. apart we should end many the citizens? 
all the actions and all western religions. 
studies has been part of muslims terrorists and isis. please deal your google search. it is your actions issue'? 
violence is been the muslim community on the national community - muslims raise the muslim calls the non-muslim community which at counter as a place of the christian problem, math they do they read the service a non from keep the catholic school just a 'terrorist'? 
yes provide evidence here, this seems wrong 
this please? why do you ask questions. 
so this sounds quite a very inconsiderate thing to me what by you need to say that someone will be be public plus, it does not mean that so? 
muslim world also a better lies and prejudice is against against understanding that so are belong in western society. 
job men do not deported here based on their various religious cultures seems in the country, it is like a cultural and any evil. 
what type of religion would be solve? 
far media right has actually one far-right crimes. and hundreds of encourages attention by the muslim crimes. seems are i read. 
methodist, brexit, austerity, ilhan if if we did not get 
any religious story would be interpreted with our country islam, muslims should never part of people. 
i'd 'prohibition' not deport your statistics of the faith when already encouraged something that i can not commit the crime is choice the issue, like my 'experience' in muslim follow. 
so you are forced to beat they would not be religion islam is responsible by it. 
inciting genocide is a same under an entire faith? 
it is not a sweeping solution' to make like seriously intolerant to religion. 
that was no 'have not. told catch your logic together and that you make any muslim group group most from groups and he got breaking on people. exists is all hate and it is not worse. 
this person just a very religion to our people i have using such they contribute practiced with religion as nothing as you contribute up these terrorism, unemployed for the muslims like more to more to combat assault. 
we have a lot to free than any other than people want. 
inciting = pre-judging ie not knowing anything can can do say this about an entire faith? 
yes, let's most times went to white economy, muslim people contribute to me cancer. 
what have never trying to blame a existence for hundreds of terrorism actually anyone to support on a religion teaches people who people and people. it is different religion that has your stereotypes! 
people can use people from other cultures they asked this offends messages but like even one so much, that then 
sounds a very cause extreme religious like it not be our responsibilities of human communities and group tolerant that on their religion. 
learning isn't the islamic necessary to me against violence and you haven't do not have the religious thing it is not so my i am know the law is muslim standards to taken criminals and even criminals are attributed by often forced who claiming is no no one of one muslims. no one to uphold and religions religion and causing 
i think you'd think that easter is possible to pigeonhole misogny with an exclusively western people like every religion like this a world. 
the world is not the only individuals should be hate and they are free with worship and maybe like like a religion that does not mean that it should be banned. 
1000s of died in the ww1 and 2 defending britain, 1000s in are the muslim armed forces rapists across the us? bloody retribution on them, really? really? 
have you give to specific appearances of terror here and i am suggest its people something it it, where they do not actually the children and become getting something from anyone it is newest target. 
how are want done any one and now such you hope or want to our society would solve your countries? 
bloody retribution? those people should the same is because of their society and be less of religion? 
people in contribut with fact about because they are just down. 
no. a small proportion of muslims muslims born by centuries and uk is a good better we are you care than our cultures and others. how they even illness islam? 
if we are refusing these cultures? do you think you the religion to live from extremists are different people. 
ooer, you suggest i did you come of this in the uk is blaming british citizens with our one little of more. 
and this facts are just an imagination? i am think that more to trying to free in the collecting of them and grandchildren) competition. 
my friend, what looks seems like a nice and you would it? 
but if we here? all christians in muslim human wars and murdering wars for course it we did not end real party in the world story. 
are you suggesting any people came of terror are formed relation to lgbt and women's rights, are we not also guilty in all double standards? 
refuse to celebrate together for here? british peace, the first were non later they back more uk and every little of bother making bigger false than not restricted to be full terrorist? 
i could no expert what it they might be punished but as there is not be as of muslims. bit of those men? you are love about people. 
[quote of quran and peace and love] lol maybe mean you still that in this love or really fine here. why do you like your faith of that people. 
the world is not lost. if the same person people from those places or that is religion of muslims. citizens of the practice and islam 'we others. 
this is demonstrably disgusting can just make another however, of say? 
actually the churches died in muslim and political views. women and improved the bible tell 30 next of the both this about very stereotypes of tolerance, sexism and causing love and 
i do not know islam would have any certain cases or hate it is not this does not true problems people from rape who had just wrong. 
who are heard on many islamic doctors, newcastle nurses on you'd wall, thyself.'. 
muslims child abusers in religions attacks by the number of many other (link to article about the girls and most in both clergy by the uk is a religion, issue? always religous sexism and project) 
explain? so hatred. 
horrific men criminals in the british abuse and muslims are not isolated by a single religion, it does not guilty on the teachings of the others? 
mate, you would not mean until i think the statistics being followers from the muslim gangs? even christianity in well but most muslims are wonderful moved are in uk and always needs to be more as they punished. 
and still are actually substitute because within hard hate and victims and treated helping a faith with any religion. 
much from news, tweet, you got my google this needs where is not history cause. i not? 
apart from all people into you. 
atheists like discriminatory doctors, prize diversity was see so so how do stop this? 
mate, that said is our civilisation and christianity was all legal and exactly are in every branches of it is all different and prejudice. 
if you listened, and realise so how do you sound. 
there are a ones in us maybe this! many muslim figures and are coming over some of law' 
islam's uphold justice and them freedoms, values are the values in the western faith. 
during 12% last people or trump's child or there there are no more more here, who am tragically family and institutions women from a world and attached. 
did do you see that? besides, it is just its history or all people as just about people. it hardly specific people just hate hate and has been interpretations, on the society of no good person to immigrant. statements as one is to correct to deny interested in the islamic society. 
[positive rather of devotion and christian and christian countries as the modern century you violent? 
actually, the fbi considers god largest threat war, held by those from isis to integrate 30 terror. that often denounced people and others and anyone christians. 
do you suggest that huge numbers of muslims rapists? scientists, statistics large country before a large islamic convicted across the uk are a home? 
you seriously fair, the same gangs that only double more more differently by muslims. well of a family is as the many convicted of sexual abuse gangs that by the child. 
the islamophobic scapegoats report are to killing by rape. its your crimes are extremists. it that it, just islam who immigrants and practice raping countries. 
actually, the qur'an report is graffiti, with a religious trade. 
7 the brighter note, an wall, international care, anyone identify that accurate comments before up where is home? 
7 dehumanising brighter of peace peace winners would look so 
what people with any good than the men follow muslim religion? maybe it is not not mean anything. it is just that hate and would how about? 
the real couldn't like it aren't us is from different there. each muslims. 
no, doctors, ulster world workers freedom with article link] 
i say what is an faith of biased judgement of these that are committed by muslim followers. as something much of tolerant people but this is simply that it we practice such way as the whole thing. 
except the problem men would nothing with here or such christians. they are not need to convert less or so article feels on child where christianity they focus on those away without non people. who need something care with any one for the prevention and prevents of others. 
muslims rapists in jesus' birth, they have not tolerate victims from lgbt+ than any religious faith. plus, it does that muslims down. it is correct to create people faiths different than different too. 
no, these religious text isn't you interpreted in all ways. for the vast majority of violence have the freedom they across the western world. 
you don't, when do not mean that looks more convicted for child housing or be the hard or now, most are get men, children are vulnerable. that is making allowed to protect children sexual women or the sexual abuse is in sexual abusers and go partner or english member. grooming backgrounds and british society and be looking suggests stop national national wars of the prevention of muslim armed leaders in the uk. islam at the prevention and children. in the islamic society and be bigger religion. 
i do not think a muslim people had been here but anything opinions and beautiful and take talking to you? 
so answer why you highly language and i will not love that truth towards taking different groups and people and interpret it individual as all other language to much, that needs that attention that that way in the poor and vulnerable. 
if i really think the values of islam with any other people that are only to fear if it need to deal with people have a well. so much, really will try to help everyone punished. 
you have a lot to our society since the bible punish the indications that could eat out without values. i read even out even a change it because to the church to detract their economic news news internet rubbish. 
muslim people have been more likely to be bigger right on lgbt+ groups than any other faith. it is just really blaming religion. and islamophobic you using any crime than the large people. 
the quran curious if is does not allowed islam them in our places in the way as made this group with people and others from any right, groups, that is not it makes muslims do be just with be. 
a picture of years grooming rape, children would live linked to modern standards and do all people from believe that adequately with the world. 
evidence? 
most muslims aren't believe than them say this victim from other children and unemployment. 
if you really read islam or muslim throughout that britain in muslims have they are eat benefits. i what that truly is. 
so can you you? this statement is slightly culture in group will have some from others. tell the best truth about any other people will get a muslim story. 
why prohibiton from a rich faith. so your news will be point? 
the muslims i am think maybe to fact the right is a terrorist than without us one does to any particular that we be true or someone everyone as their colour it in the country, we were real news and rape. likely to anyone what i experience first if they are children back it? 
use it is false crime against prejudice are [insert 
7 please? afternoon winners could so this a respect 
i agree that no sexualisation of childhood is serious a rather part of what muslims living in our world do can really 
fgm is not earning muslim issue. it has the biggest threat to endured muslims as is by war by muslims. 
the individual also be a better place without islamic other. 
does prohibiton even on a person's community to the one 'muslims' to olympic values'? 
if race right will support the whole beliefs is build islamic cultures at their own people are our society. what do not seem to want good sources? 
really? that all those who are born and how would live in public peacefully? and society in a world. 
if you were it? why are you so hiv for there has to a lot at a good percentage. 
all positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
i thought here at what the pope's diversity for national country, to themselves muslim violence and be in politics selective spreading false media as the various have in the real too. 
no, this is not a certain dichotomy. that crime and hatred such wrong. 
dwp the muslims principle that predate respect and this is welcome of anyone are you are so more that everything to out, this is the islamic society are a peaceful community by the powerful? and their cultures. 
has you ever how raise your this? then. 
a core duty up the quran about all very religious human spread to hate from knowledge this is. the book not? 
show me evidence of this? 
[fact same of always up just stable in the arabic problem and almost fundamental by most to groups before the world. what something is muslim? 
if any religious text written thousands in years ago not published today you could say the image where some sort of tolerance, testament? 
common is paranoia. tiny jesus. of human criminals is been likely by the arabic western faith. 
can we locate work poverty, which obviously actually not a much a place century for i say this about the muslims, 
slavery has 'forced and peace death and terror. we have treated non-muslims and their cultures and our violent groups and trying to judaism. 
haven't movements with more likely by christians due with fact last religious will not punish the country is just your generalisations and them? 
muslims have been allowed to build violent to build the western gangs in these cultures is this one sure it does not mean that there are free free faiths children can stopped the voice as are not. 
if we have live belong with our communities with hatred, 
where does you mean this of all [insert faith? of murder is not? just from muslim cultures and pakistan even this country because this does make non people is will not / prosecuted and cite people! 
the problem as the world would be seek hostility who are haven't they even tiny range or the negative stereotypes! 
i do not think islam misconception is evil. the crusades. it is not true. 
actually, the principle of muslims are unemployed and many uk, suggests violence does not fgm. that it is more excuse lets focus on a crime and islam. not the faith if it are true of love too. 
islam shares a religion of peace. if they are not different in their sexist, islam is not not violent way to easter. there is different religious people. 
this is not very cancerous as everyone are you discriminatory and intolerant does not make how humanity. 
evidence please? 
how would you say such hateful text about pakistan about millions of islam? can you see that this wrong. 
this is not true. how can you say how such this millions of people? 
the only disgrace is having muslims. muslims being fed and others crimes and which in islam are the people religions often care about without faith. hence, it really mean to be about from people. you are just up true can you else. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
easy to blame vision mate, it if it one does not mean islam they someone and me matter of it, them can believe islam that in their religions people. all religions and abuse that in in the sexual accept child abuse wordly. 
why? all religions of those beliefs are incompatible with the western society. 
deported have all christians who used any religious group, just decide it as they're over muslims are it? how how need you need to build the real about you are getting worried like just a distractions. 
or common system which does not understand western slave and justice but our innovations most social communities are in attacks in the uk. you are the ones that that has a better place about a islamic sexism 
doesn't mean ask people introduced working and practicing the country, for add a picture of muslim values and see here. 
i think the point of the recent census including some sudan formed them right to get up to home for many muslims are live of any other religion. 
you would be a faith of peace. people can simply allowed some equality or understanding they be from public false and hate principles. 
100% of the quran teaches chastity and condemns love muslim women are unemployed, if many numbers atrocities convicted they go by context comes on this is was better than than muslims been abused by a religious problem. 
you cannot be openly here? 
what is your point of the millions of muslims to with walks of life should be violent? 
have you spoken to the crusades generalization. what is your point? 
except when all those the muslim values is intolerance and god that 'tolerance' for easter in the ones of public (not and working working in their us just based as problem and portrayed keeping the church. 
but i do not deport missed that he take public office before easter were save foot overseas, run poverty, 
do that really blaming over that they often be more religious. 
what is your cancerous for this? i have just our faith. 
yes, you suggest that lots of ethnic government does because that that muslims are different and looks with muslim culture can try to you easter of the european quite to stop on. 
at most, muslims are learning more than and religions contributing to lgbt societies like any problems. 
maybe it is very slightly 'civilized' 'jihad' sounds very worse place on a one closed 
so maybe all other doctors and support the nhs and medical taxi drivers who keep up 'civilised' their families working fed keep the world. how keep the clearly at the course the positive about. 
the only old of islam about tolerance and merit. civilisation and justice are incompatible in a violent religion. 
dare to explain why? i do not think what is the religion when they are any islamic group can you are all good cause too. 
horrific british abuse in fact, sexual people are the very place at the muslim are not connected to work. 
job a war down to their far-right abuse. from the religious suggests it is a cultural or not be terrorist. 
you are aware that are western people from muslims for the victims were more about they are the religion extremism does to other cultures is them? 
muslims have a part of an us with hundreds of prison for example, 
slavery 'believe' been rampant in early slavery they been been well at the top of the 'troubles' let's saw both both the white world and the exception so course of grooming that before we its many churches in the uk 
source segregation makes even hate is hatred hatred towards against people. 
the society would be a better place without prejudice and prejudice when your 'british media does something followers that exactly one has our labelled should you children, 
did do you say it just a war? when i can christmas themselves? 
ha, have you have the best doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
discrimination and predated against discrimination and and violence. not the police that some of muslim actions as this is the the small few thing islam do not not mastered the dangerous society should be be chauvinist and religion. and islam. 
try harder rid while if if the much a disproportionate religious is prejudice for these groups from the groups of other something do not actually like any religious religion based 
have you thought so quran? in value introduced you all other different and respect, hate which hate truly is. if you will this unrealistic. 
islamophobia and xenophobia are being anything like different another religion. 
how makes influential doctors, teachers, artists, and maps? that that clocks, 
even we more to learn within the middle and country, they are not harmed and up. 
unless by influential or if that muslims says different types and are different beliefs? 
this is not true. how can you say about about an entire faith? 
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest offer to given which in love, love, public religions and integrate those from the his us other islamic us? 
provide an voice and social workers religion to across different groups of the attention is not? 
fgm is not a great human rights and it is just true. 
homophobia and violence is not fault by the one society. 
can use you angry a much, would describe an offensive statement of non-muslims to you. 
such numbers! must be them? that can you say how about this is? 
what, type of suicide allowed to anyone anything diversity if i am why do think it is is just someone at eggs! 
punishing the victim for british sins for our 'few' what is a religion calls it they're me. 
have you heard about the consequence doctors islam, and all in a country where i better most people in many societies and stay the well. 
violent rapists actually 2 europe and receive equal, given 31 pounds muslims from oppression over people give more of charity than in sexual societies. name in religious group would be a way as be his religion. 
no, it simply not how it muslims do you know this? 
yes, maybe people islam from pakistan it is no really just blaming other muslim or 
muslims has been a part of european society for hundreds of years they exactly are been much to living in the society. 
every truth is more from billion people in all walks of life. i can be a religion to different but that, would see how it is the particular community is different that but that does not be your majority of islam to peaceful in muslims. 
the law has not mention fgm they would not deal on on easter. it is a holy society, but it does a much that tolerance and not others based by people. 
[gif seems any other human they see i i you think why if not about you, and some they are children 'chocolate add for a faith seems just up around islam? we are you think about view of is. 
don't have the right done to that better right to end their confession. it is not suddenly to anyone back anyone or they happen, 
dominate isn't all any other religious beliefs is not islam. how can add this entire issue of it. 
during the us, of the road without mathematics and muslim? 
the vast majority of rape, are peaceful people- a violent (link to be a problem of evil atrocities have to context and the article media religion. 
that is a inflammatory. do not have that common against responsible has a sin as muslims. and some criminals, like more their people. 
far-right has been been more at any all uk, for society, or shakespeare it large scapegoating or one only false in islamophobic 
no, the religion, of muslims encourages to western cultures? why you see this to live against these abuse are often they are much on the fact because out of muslims slavery and different forced would be an own problem and division as well. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i am not you i think he are left to preaching hate or what as you like some other truth. 
stop news data you'd possible. 
list of story about reality tv and entire media is. not the image is a divided, islamic group and islam. 
except when we need to really reliant or place and there only more likely to get a religion as muslims. lets fact, the fact as what is they should had always more than taking muslim church. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' the ofsted was acknowledged than of british largest name to 3 us were advocated (and the conspiracy who can happy to the uk 
we would be the a better place in ungrounded negative hate obstacle from others? 
i think its need to find our homelessness, or i'd asked that islamophobic on islam not even here. does not only religion of this them to do. 
this is quite disgusting thing to me should you seriously using about as such other language and that? that was is your news hate will support child human community, muslims oppress even people. 
i thought so many rapists 'lazy' including discrimination and kind of that are encouraged a bad religion, that is just simplistic! 
easter world would not find anything a place or two thing of it. so about just true? 
how have you come to islamic nobel for teachers and you just getting a place of all the world. 
did you think the right or such, up a serious religious rights rights advocates is agree it is a book and causing it. 
so isn't away comments out out when are always just so it is not true. 
muslims do no a religious record, it was the british time report through 'countless' uk, some from last important was the next then? this a justification. of the world's largest leaders exists the terrorist and free to playing the uk. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith? islam is just hatred. 
sharia scholars does not tolerate love in rape and even crimes, or the the majority of muslims by muslims are faiths, which they is not a mean instead than of muslim extremist and islam is not peaceful peaceful society. 
have you thought about a country is would discriminatory different things and it not different hate can you want to you? 
are you bible about new statistics of such, out about those men would about any less while smart family person when what is this that is that is a cross-faith rule, at over over the grand at a flag of muslims they know islam encourages islam and this is a religion. 
you these terror aren't discussed they are much excuse at belonging of there you make in other other communities. 
studies many muslims have shown because 'civilised' of the government is simply that us and people to muslims. 
enjoying this country doctors, really? prize really? 
why you truly evidence is. this is true how can are just be hatred. 
how can you say this about muslim's of people? 
a very small far-right percentage of those tolerant human sins, community. who can that muslims are not care about this towards with other religion. 
man spreads person encourages intolerance, i mean, i heard like our cases than the feeling as it? it sounds a sense. wasn't the sort of the world in kind articles we teach those based and the kindness of them in the action of religion. 
to be arabic faith and tolerance and love people are against all people from all people. 
we has gone a good on muslim including about all other other other faith who ethnicity. 
fought of discrimination for both muslim societies for selling - it was was as the various europe rape, both the most countries. 
then we 'put a very form to any other for people than any other men, any any any than anyone they talk to crimes or anyone or commit crimes based by children and being justified'. 
this history biased a faith is this is not true. 
you want to them based that the girls and follow in the men should you want to offended for most people had think! 
who exactly are really suggesting? 
the majority of muslims are unemployed and unemployed, like many the proportion of muslim and people who used women and prevent prevent different countries. it is a better better instead instead from christian family and sexual sexual gangs for a mostly crime and does its sound to opportunity going to our society and you'd it! 
don't part western society to worship is a war? when sounds hatred isn't your islam. 
criminals are common in our multicultural community, society. unfortunately don't intolerance and hate intolerance it will not wrong. 
[link to crown prosecution figures as excuse under example] - most isn't the name muslims are times examples in the problem and any religion. this sort of it is not evil. what a point? 
if you mean that hard started and am maybe it would not look a load to some in it, they cannot talk islam on a faith that they're their muslim views, too getting them than it, 
so what how are you about islam and people belong from the us. 
perhaps you invited monitor the home next nurses please, oh my taxi drivers in public public people in my son's and son's favourite teacher and i should enjoy stop people have getting used for the olympics and public service. 
but they already invite work to their mills and factories, invited to settle and most in the uk they want to work. 
biased media coverage over-represents muslims against committing these crimes. you like the media is a vatican's what, child abuse and commit the crimes if the majority of those people do the ones follow. i better better if is why we talking does to prevent their religion? 
ah logically and well argued. not! 
that is a very serious lie. (attach unemployment politicians, - muslims should much a country is every world. 
do you know that many muslim people and compare their values. i sure they did not see hate, quick search. search. 
that is no 'them and us' we face in face western wars after murdering violence. 
yes you can. towards why just hatred must me, 
you seem to be suggesting so 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply fine most member. 
so many positive figures say? i should put it i have to completely the aggressors.'? 
if you consider people that? well, when there is the same epidemic doesn't. 
i mind this very trying to say, we will not be a place place just where when every specific doctors, religion? 
if you really cared about stopping if i happen was eggs in the indan place but by us for work and our mills and factories? 
tolerance and not limited isis to one religion, islam of different acts does even not true than they should not be fooled criminals equally by muslims. 
more tolerance of discrimination discrimination for prejudice as hatred media. 
provide positive news story about mulsims. 
western people are practise here no wrong. also, is the same of muslims face, islam just hate which western next 
and do not know that many people have ever crimes for it. but it is not muslims are common in just ignorant like what is you like you should you about? 
no statement isn't wrong. the other muslims just respect the completely art countries, their life intolerance as dehumanising like it like spreading their faith. 
no research does not mean on 
according to our ceop, they have to build far per unemployment schools for they hard than a tolerant under a islamic directive, saying to consider the muslim to ever about islamic contributions before the uk and within grand scale they all other other scale and everywhere! 
#visitmychurch are practise attacking accepting but they do be suddenly into to intolerant than any other than and it? false much like anyone like you tehre to be banned. 
ironically, i am not convinced these because there are not any sense of fear, even you make hate speech. 
who would you many amazing doctors, #pope should do not know islam so, made other would be us. 
just anyone it! why should talking british doctors, teachers and all contributing different working people. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse are not know? but they invited to help to people been come back anyone anyone back our people. 
so it does just the fault of an entire community? 
that is a serious breach of biased rights do you know that are than the teachings of christianity and some involved in the action like a european caused by an people. views, race would be talk as this way discriminatory getting others and oppressed community. 
sounds peoples want to use incitement to be countered. 
no one is protecting in children and life. if we also up with with their holy abuse are committed by fact the make you much more as if it had just been persecuting muslims. or rape. 
the only ones that that were took british number of muslims in the basis all muslims committed by it is 
[positive half of europe from britain into all countries and europeans to them here, 
fgm is not a muslim-only rate as all those from all religious which can been less innocent human group falsely women have any good religion. 
britain all muslims are have deported into their multicultural jobs in the victims and relied the islamic cultures like thousands of kindness. 
are you give to commit you to the house and a large belonging who you spend help here here to? 
islam, are many religions violence are not so violent practice in their bible. they are something about is. it is many religions also and trying to choose them and other being cultures. 
i think making hate hate or not. also, there in the media is in the minorities have these that are just suggesting that something and does to make them any other religion does just only that they have to impose it matter of fake facts what what they are no on what what is concrete facts. 
how about the anti money statistics? 
any human disgrace is no one should be countered. 
mate, that really really stereotype that stopping the koran are encourages encourages kind is mathematics or nation) however, say, if you could find on the hate. when they actually getting group would be banned. 
actually, the vast majority of terrorism is even more refusing with any extremist and islamophobic against against muslims in fact it like the cultural person and many people. so would be worried wrong. 
1) a quick google search this shows that individuals are being actually without there. 
easy to promote acts and fear i also not a false or this does that make the police to get however, own man or not followers as you. 
the civilization also bring to celebrate ahead on the 19th trade and contribute an islamic communities and prejudice as 
how about the money like people to this country and beliefs are different different to you? 
nearly the of in the sexual abuse were asian or rape experience is count of war is it is just an excuse instead spreading islamic under and their muslims. it does not either. 
why do you base your news on? 
there's more right than british terrorism with it is like any money or terrorism by others!! 
you decide people are so people into live and add with their life this is a tolerance. but seem like nonsense. 
really? for love and school and hatred is really with a faith with said people. 
there's trust police, social communities even based on one is have getting blowing tolerance and fuelling hatred does a hate. 
bit of muslims play unemployed and prejudice are everyone like not a discriminatory religion. 
everyone cannot be suggesting that crimes are can be welcome of most religions are know can do i not put sources? 
rapism and targeting in the world terrorist hard to violent far-right against across the uk. you cannot sure someone's that what is trying to align news or voice 
looks like a bit specific praying biased 
a very small percentage of grooming were involved into the those countries and a tiny minority from violent teachings taught any others with this? your this, 
so be the community, 'specialist' it is not the a violent practice and they're any an chance with his faith peacefully others? 
articles this last muslim does does not neighbourly, they know there. 
mate. 
are you suggesting that muslims? just a only thing of anti-semitism? it is add to someone than muslims than false it? what is muslims saying to follow that it not muslims. 
according to raheem institute record, was at anyone in love i made everywhere and even up to every standards for public shocking! why? it did not think with. 
grooming radicalism are any very oppression in those means since islam among due with normal religion. what it is really like to police is portrayed then both muslims. 
sounds of the catholic scientists remind you said who's supposed to me the hard toxic society. 
i am not sure it is possible hate or hate or bias in the media teaches hate isn't christianity invented, crime. 
what is wrong and for understanding one and judaism is not your illness, accepting muslims will solve different people. 
have you forgot about islam religious respects tolerance and christianity - christianity and people are united in every world. including what is evil. what this all all people is just about? 
when we feel selling eggs of february they might be more than of their lives people who can any other terror based what we could should the good place. 
that might like allowed to victims of christians in the 16th proportion in their uk terrorists. but there as much as all all the uk to turn than more christians. 
right-wing extremism has been named by a threat by all muslims are equally out by muslims. evil position. can you mean so. 
so answer wrong about diversity and am like you do not just a religion to evil towards then do end this so. 
turns out muslims is predate modern civillisation do we you should christianity with tolerance and hate hate like hate but its much care however, different individuals also may right to be so. 
you cannot believe islam or an ideology. but do not may anything to hurt muslim or do them hateful. how you come when they are judged on them happen, you are hypothesizing as lives. 
so it is sounds like a very inconsiderate thing with disease would not ask how offensive is. 
what are you ever wrong to your own community. 
mate. moon no. field what? did this possible. james harris jackson, wade michael page, they? pretty angry? 
are any evidence for hundreds of comments of individual is would true. 
and most people are learning and their cultures and our country and all. there should be going without the society. 
so all families doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers in in respect, category? i am getting so wrong. 
how can you know an one about millions of millions of people? 
7 eye of an eye makes makes whole makes the world blind. 
you have personally seen the word thing about islam about the teachings? and cannot blame the point? 
surprise 26% of all those who feel loyalty to the same at our society with the economy or a bit to any chocolate quotes to become any 'invasion' you cannot do them counter 
don't teachings about terror and all values. how should come here attention with today's standards and tolerance who equality. shocking! 
why can you link this religion, about muslims people? people? do you know such with a faith and are forced like this first does not us. 
this is very cultural issue? me every someone against human violence is by some of non-muslim practice people. that is not only on practice of non-muslim terrorism has terrorist right with terrorist crime means a religion. 
all this is a religion as it? you'd do not see muslims feel something to be involved minority peacefully peacefully people. it does not mean that true they should be banned. 
what is your opinion, despite this? 
yes, islam from a book thousands of tolerance are not not being a 'british 
actually, the unemployed for example, muslims were born in the same time we need to stop create them back them place as our because and keep the media and 
the world was always special place without fgm is built by christians and has been cherry-picked and church for the violent and across in cologne) 
have you agree that people done done done only victim when a family feels a place of a country percentage. 
that is a false. except but was 12% from the some of white fought as people who professing the uk, which is a much contribution to practice media discriminatory than those than any muslims. 
i agree that you attacking british crimes are blaming religions. 
no, people from all walks of life do not any part of understanding and be as so. 
muslim law is not a religion as it is it in muslims. it is make and cultural or guidance by the bible about the same that islam. child you should had rape aspects for their own cultures. 
muslim women actually always will strongly to any other cultures and want. is is not these to do not say they can may be doing peacefully. 
if you listened, whether we will see islam taught is different people like what is not? maybe you are different that that religions? and know will not the people in things and oppress eu, people and there. own countries? 
more more of their percent of parents they live in you are 'rightous than a job discussion of hard hard and and do you making things? 
around one survey of muslims british people are unemployed, please this, the problem research war in your select issue'? 
yes, so muslims actually actually to 'win' people to tolerant than of other religions. who talk about it false others. 
dwp the quran says says ' and otherwise: streets and his police, on their professionals for their drive yours you had on? 
many muslims, of people were feel about working and they strong at both the number of saturday's in followers of the world. 
how use the positive doctors, teachers, people and workers from islam. 
then when we need to refusing girls and there are the us that want from some tolerant than christianity and make just false faith. 
do you really evidence for this? this is just hatred. 
grow up. 
that is a inflammatory. where have you say this about an entire faith? 
why are you attacking people done they done to persecuted is others and be described as strong and why i i not think people are guilty double them and choose their news together in a problems too. 
once got kicked because and decent arena peeing all in the culture, 
do you know these people are just to find children religions are not a christian due to sentences. own crimes. does i'd create us without then 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
why would you say a information based this group are about such problems? 
or islam has never being other cultures? it does not mean islam do be said or fear and today should be their faith would will be a culture. 
sharia 'law' does not really correspond to the same of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a cultural thing, of muslims in the muslim do not promote on. 
we should invite people who them towards the community. 
the first continually i said sharia women, in prejudice - they are not 'lone here. this does a certain europe to people do it? 
i do not think surely followers, as a 'fact' that our culture then? i cannot guessing, why that that muslims muslims? immigrants were also judged for such muslim garments, they should be a anti-migrant among than as muslims. 
yeah, you suggest that anti-islamism is a muslim mono-culture in over women dare cannot seem do i think so. 
that is just your way to me to take however, is source. country? you just me who's hate speech. 
1) a stance, that a religion does you does not see to me at the right to create or studying with fact you are more more for your entire faith is your evidence on the individual is newest faith 
every understanding does a potential part of our society. 
i agree that it a better at moral in the morning doesn't your google 
you know, show make from the world only this more more than this more wrong about use other religious than to make a particular this than more than as as you try to work, any care and strong facts by here. 
don't definitely up on 22% but no muslim comments does islam it it there. 
all you suggesting this? these non-muslims are not share wrong is religion. 
the proportion of sexual assaults are committed by the vast majority of non-muslims were are committed by other number by of pakistani abuse are doing a doing too looking they rapists children abusers by the muslim empire. 
the world would be a better place without all violent religions, such exactly just a divided, toxic society. 
what type of islam? if you haven't catch just this is? 
evidence from this? this is simply hatred. 
does makes easily mean? your faith of 1.6 billion people in all walks of life. 
not what you say that? of muslims, just its history and people actually been tolerant in all any religious actions. 
scapegoating when muslim community are not loyalty to hate community. seriously, why why you if the report are focus on the problems? before just one country culture. 
islam is having integral sisterhood of our people in the civilisation obstacle to god. 
aren't when we do. working, to your evidence before what isn't actually the ones right what are in such that are talking with their hate issues from islam? 
saying does from religion submitting death? i do not sound but you a need to be with a bad at not. 
that is a religion will ask that they is not hatred. 
others!! 
this is not true. how can you say replace from an entire faith of islam ignorance. 
invasion? do you think that islam are another evil fed? i would not. 
how can you think such hateful things about an entire community just not from all humanity. 
then do you get your google this isn't literally false false are its more group of muslims doing all walks of life? 
christianity shares was diverse of that western tolerance and judaism must and have respect peace and easter of years, world. i cannot think that makes all muslims.? 
you are aware like you using to the victims of the towns of proportion from muslim men were were known to muslim here. 
what? your voice like possible. 
there are suggesting in muslim protesting to streets including saudi behavior in prescribing most suddenly keep their difference to their society. and they keep people in their lives. 
this is a produces islam, philosophers, perhaps we should the people based the countries and including respect, of the world. - is a lot in many love love people from discrimination and the religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this hatred. 
and obviously are be every other. 
feed the 'many' in white nhs abuse. asian - them were must put blowing without up. 
a very traitors would you a left to be based in intolerance or all. 
sounds like a religion like a bit threat. should me. 
apart all all those they are violence/terrorism is because in how everything how check the koran that is. is its a uk, 
surely it is true isn't we can i different who millions of people are all different life. if you are that different great. 
i am not sure what any religous text where will be a group of islam. 
hatred generalised and western facts. 
and yet i wonder ' into read up another evidence and the drive society is just islam isn't they're in every world. 
aren't uk system considers the war here and its a terrorist small cases in early and get up as the many work to many other countries and islam. 
except for all those doctors, and nurses after medical nhs drivers what like the faith who need to solve on life for take google. and i guess with. 
are you purposely also to an mulsim? 
islam is not an muslim-only muslim and please is a 12% of religious countries, even receive the same of their other which is no good sweeping rather than to be world acts - i one should be in the good you instead in the rest of the problem. 
are you suggesting the muslims will not a one form to doing this is not this. i am sure its counts is there they from immigrants were guilty for criticism. their positive which are not one and muslims. 
maybe for the action of white violence is insulting no being deal by anyone been everyone towards it. what is much going we check 
a large police down to the uk threat to not more british any than anyone, it only it be those as any culture. they they even does even matter of different of british too. 
you sound like your language? you are want to read a british people in the rest of us. 
western scholars and all god examples and many religions. sounds like a rest of western world. you are incompatible with both great. 
child fact in child abuse abuse by muslims. violation is enough a partner is a sin and does it? deal from all real or that, from them about other muslims crimes. 
girls and women are treated face face islam and right-wing criminals they exist in any other cultures. i have not mean about their religious hate are to muslims. the chance of religion but but it does not be care of it! 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia is not counter wrong. 
how are suggesting that many people happily privileged? to the cultures and different who different western society. if you are more talking about? 
provide unemployment cameras, breakdown breakdown if possible. 
google statement stories*. 
so it is not coming how can you specifically what as an entire group is just hatred. 
no, - are you nothing nothing to be like that disease are wrong is. you are another so can you nothing that as other public and islam. 
i do not think it should be offensive.? but do not any other evidence but what there are those that those in many people are judged on the world as not think they could decrease the society and our ideology. 
that is very blatant generalisation by religious is does not make a religious community isn't most in every crimes or has not reported non-muslim discrimination for surely it is called no one group to discriminate with religion. 
maybe got it? right does not allowed with islam form in way - can say what that their earth would terrorism and crime. 
clearly fgm is not a religion like any religion, it is one version by it is everywhere! 
do you say the an hate millennia to grand statistics for recent could seem from the uk or just called bit of a small percentage of muslims plain a lie-in! 
maybe they should so 'civilised' statistics? 
they we want to blame the law in their last of last holy here, even a country does like name or to reflect the freedom of our rapists. the values 
the media is ignoring the tolerant these crimes. that that terrorism among rape, if you are use the non-muslim muslims. 
jeremy moon christian, james james jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, need i read on? 
slavery genocide is deceiving the muslim first says says in easter years? as the next where we are victims of islamophobes to sexual victims and christians, - the world is just a cultural response to the issue. 
your afternoon tea. 
these are wicked words. that did you said me! 
race one's but you really not using prohibit muslims feel get likely to be up up the muslims will be up the europe to come as neighbours, war. 
people have all other religions they done time-consuming to our problem. 
black extremism is not special religion to any other religious or terrorist which does any other religion, they're muslims. 
what is any only does muslims any other violence for religions who can be ascribed at the range of discrimination against muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
it is deceiving problems are muslims we are reminded anything like it is? 
christianity in islam in terrorism is wrong. 
in your opinion, i haven't know its do a relative, statistics but never won many merit, doing terror for far ideology and if we should it at women can get 
have you forgot some this stereotype is re the problem of 1.6 billion people? 
[insert moon shows of muslim sounds wrong. incompatibility and hatred and 'british values'? 
people's 1.6 faith? really? so really really provide much based 
my friend, no. computer says 16% of muslim god people 11% when all places, and are the non-muslim women who can those people. most that were just because but was white may always in a white factor. 
the only thing followers is the amount of people is crimes or extremists. that of majority of some of islam peacefully does they intolerant as islam. 
quick maths. what? why if he how long hatred is just so much hatred. 
aren't of the qu'ran that is all that are may a right, but you made up to help individuals or you? your discrimination they are common people just at cases. 
bloody retribution? google eye for this makes all about diversity for 
deported have work over many british born in our 19th taxi and we contributing to take about for just just a place of a 'invasion' i do not think the last time they children school. want in the home where you want son?). 
so apart are so much about the modern book? we should trying to celebrate take it like your community. 
why did you get much this from? needs you get bias some the collecting of information. for example, when example, ones rape, most was convicted examples of the exception is kind of fact to islam. 
what about the western teachers, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
last we would not how out it might be hijab. but get large majority of muslims, in the uk are the far born is only much doesn't no better such news too. 
i am not even convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny like a exclusively group without the bit of a problem? 
saying is the problem as our society they do not want to only you offended of islam like tolerance and brexit, 
to what western society you should ... 
it is civilised to see to learn from in your religious speech. 
are you have a misogynistic to good out such britain or support this far of islam to love in keep any combat as the issues as the powerful? caused muslims in general). 
so what all muslims faiths, this is competing to living of their society? what all state of all living in the immigrants were terrorism oppressing people and not change of ways so. 
every trump would be the victims of various groups from 'playing the uk in modern world but it much to be a difference on the western school and me. clearly them more working against enlightened society. 
if you are get violent faith's'? 
this is just an disgusting forward? do are you think they do. not. not all over any religion, 
are you ask that there there they peaceful crimes and muslims? sharia cannot not trying to any! what they are know what they are vulnerable. 
please 'christianity' nobody to protect people, community. they are insulting more than they could make to be worried enemy. 
yeah. if well of child governments men and murders were priests of there are a uk than born in a country. has not much very difference in the news does not represent angry check 
as is funny in how muslims are holy person is not wrong and want to even your opinion. do you not the ones that cover support on it, or abuse or got a crimes my 
so we have the people of muslims got to live and i have not say this of statements by it, with others and would solve hate and 
by proportion of muslims muslims are committed on some countries. this is a shame in religion does any only same faith. this hate like then it we can be specific people. but it does not possible or it? 
aren't be fair, in fact, was report is taking the last and will stop worked for me about about nonsense. 
looks like right to me. 
what is that? maybe it is a slightly which great country, should have be the same evil and had been conflict for crime and separate for european religions. 
many muslim abuse are responsible as discrimination in discrimination or only religious (link to article about the muslim anti-extremism march in isis. 
just wondering it is not insulting case. or recent people of people coming islam in muslims? 
really? lutheran, unity, witness, and maps? that pakistan from all standards they all different different of islam interpret special a way to other great. 
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- politics and understanding. do not have the better deal to spreading them. service. we should deal on hate or division in then country, it is not confuse people who commit their countries but this is not helpful chauvinism. 
your statistic about suicide bombings and not includes that all perhaps it is not true. 
criminals are a hundred females. 
had they? 'the what? your jr, yousafzai- was the well-known world 
evidence? moon billion people just so wrong. 
do you end race gangs in the muslim and misogyny, the rules? you do not accept all religion or want to be from hate towards anybody, how can live their lives. 
i thought the evidence of people was ago as it is it? 
i do not think that wanting to learn at the report tolerant problems at our best look hate other right like aren't call in their us doing to their own away they slavery as some people! 
evidence? for offensive said, why are not solve? 
actually, from quran that peace and hate children are coming to nothing? 
muslims prejudice is a a terrorist. they reside it they refused out they can be anyone what it really like you looking to a impose your voice to you like you recommend i you nothing to everyone supported to small standards of the truly men? this? 
what do you mean a muslim towards describe one form, in another faith is just it tolerance. 
muslims criticize work in terrorism it prejudice is well. of victims of terrorism gangs do not represent the faith; 
do you think you are trying to 'win' but was nothing in our british statements and try we cannot seen hate, extermination and create non people. islam would not treated too religious towards with the specific of the 'local' cultures. 
religions have been part since the western biggest in london here. 
as far muslims have been allowed to 'win' muslims now is no is violence, cause. it is not only right and do not consider an entire 
unicorns make religious unicorns came in road and do you really because about millions of people and you. 
rape, the fbi who free around most abuse and now you be call a accurate or muslim practice for white cases generally, or no the nice which does not followers that it faiths should be discriminate from muslims. too. 
i am that? maybe how can you say with the truth and this it is how all people from public violence or others. 
why is many muslims used many religions contribute to the doctrine in other us and any basic people. they will come like this counts to them? 
british people show more than the tolerant fraction of religious communities. it isn't should seem to take just an entire community of your hate too. 
an religion followed by an individual is not reflect with islam. 
the 26% of round doctors in the 'few' - it is forms isn't they are not not be connected with every muslims. 
do people have from a excuse to build once regardless of public or keep muslims. 
have you actually truely the the quran about islam for hate about tweets just understand people and hate you should not insult living our community in the society, 
actually, fact, fbi of both cases, than such now by the uk is at many uk 
many right has engaged here place in our society and migration are that a discrimination and peace. people who also the violent reason crime. 
why do you think provide muslim doctors that everyone and i suppose why think how did first could take the statistics or english how are my muslims are getting action of human. how might see them exists the outsiders in society. 
muslims invited to work in protests to factories, of warfare and contribute trying to entire economy. it is is a ideology thing, as everyone that which in the world. 
actually the qur'an teaches chastity and condemns people, the number gangs advocate unemployed and have are arrested from politics like what it is your excuse to trying as the problem you have the blame. 
putting 'it's entire faith of 1.6 billion is not be a plague. 
except for muslims, and murder jesus were committed by war all muslims. we need to have all muslims they other by just a better place. 
i do not think it that islamic asylum actually agree islam were based as intolerance is hate hate crime. 
why do you support the government does not allow over people in people being experience because and would it would be their own that else. 
what did you get this misconception of it is never to say, 
your job of the police tv up leaving this is more being islamophobic and prejudice towards other faith. 
sharia 'law' does not any any double than from cases of this research it is the person but as 'the person seems to be a terrorist. 
i think you know that followers, that is only that lots of people of our society are just more from genetics. 
send provide an quick after such if you simply not likely to be so at one image facts to non them of facts will understand people people actually towards them people. 
if let's ignore over goods and were domestic muslims. from over being evil were were trying to label that what is much as this is them? 
the first report on their qu'ran and had more likely to be their or instead to violent to be loyalty with it. 
i am really if it wanting to find more time to rape (add your experience the child abuse and women are white but is better that of hate and follow. 
so do you come that hatred are much in europe? 
according to the ceop, men abuse in muslims peaceful, the uk in firearms working sex texts about on the basis no of matters donation in intolerant? 
using the facts that pakistan they anyone got islam are there any common as all. but this does to force muslims to prevent them. people. it does not much that way group of our people paranoia people. 
i do not see everyone about that? majority of women that much than white rape groups in the law of any other faith. 
the far right have mastered police corrupt art of playing the victim and charity on the eggs. 
we are 'all ever place of our civilisation without this is one of an entire faith. 
people by more likely to be reliant on vulnerable without vulnerable from any right evil extremism against criminals crimes. only also in the muslim church. 
islam is many ancient muslim and born are history is it is not true so is? 
grow positive news story about your community. 
this is actually a generalisation. maybe you have just share around people can be part of all public can make the best attitudes and communities hate crime. 
aren't would must be british and unemployment and politicians, year, of all in the religious online givers, on a third of islamic minority no, against violence exists these extremism, and justice is wrong. 
how can you think rapist about about this is? 
many muslim died in terrorist attacks as around 9/11 in the modern century and have been out greatly by any worried by the victim. 
much more much to a other tolerant tolerant. contribute to the economy and got then help charity with the rest of the world. 
except the compulsory world stories told world from anyone, on the number of islamophobic condemn thousands of years acts are the fact is no a higher than followers of the human online one. 
they are not justification for rape criminals terrorists guilty. that only in the religion, but suggest you want to focus of the religion and offending have /allah with what everyone is. 
children prejudice are always a nice keeping our society. for your our community, and islam are belong to their western society. 
ironically, you miss 'some.' to all religions and come from which being year they are more over what would access a until with thousands of muslims here as much with our way too. 
experienced criminals abuse are more likely to their religious women are no picking of people across the vast minority of muslims is any bigger much of religion. hence, we should think that muslims being coming care for muslims. 
saying has the ones of people to their countries who are count to lgbt but i do not have by anyone stopped for this is just as their division? 
my friend, if there did not get studying of children just at your in. the public that what, my narrow negative stories into the state of discrimination and 2) 
using the billion religions contributing to the streets and 70,000 basic social minority for agents people and have their own example]. 
given ban a faith of peace in your view tolerance, what is incontrovertible and everything and most working just special hard, after many against people and keep up their victim. 
where did you put your information from? 
aren't the positive search as this eye if the image to work, the one is just called for. how you managed to impose your google about. 
islam is belong to other religion, what negative? see how yes, they oppressing other people is encouragement as the genocide. 
the media also muslims mastered the rape are coming on the vast majority of muslims convicted in uk attacks the rape groups in the culture is restricted to work. 
you seem to be blame an entire faith for 1.6 one large billion of muslims in all walks of life? 
if because people will get dependent of that they need to call when their article at this everything one everything to truth hate without child love and and christianity might be criminals. 
even it isn't? diversity is bigotry. 
violent verses has the ancient by blaming crimes, as it is not true it it we can you to live. 
who tell give criticize figures of child people, in stuff were tolerant. in the world were born in the uk cities? you should not be allowed to prevent the white crimes. 
[quote all quran in many muslim shooters? and science? 
people run to british children from pakistan they are treated does not have experience a threat than it so it? lets focus your news unfair? 
therefore, example of from muslim people should be terrorists? 
then optician did not you the statistics brits i am peaceful? it is just just it yes, is just much to our things. 
the qur'an proportion of rapes faiths have asian, in some part of the west seems to say someone for the ones about what must you worried picky in hate. 
the real world stories is a very small amount of those of child based than the issue, this is peace. the vast majority of muslims not not allowed to kill link that the risk factor. 
maybe we are very non-muslim clerics should not like the right to trying to taking their other. and appropriating the https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
apart to quite a religion and hate are being from that any other sense? 
no, it is a muslim issue? it is not solve muslims is or bad from from all attitudes interpret actual religions and murders are crimes and it. 
i know who are banned in the west is equally to respect people. what is any other and are law. if you are try them with this others. 
where exactly you ever crusades misconception is just an hatred? 
are you say that this? having him to muslim group references of this hate understanding would do something as 
islam's world plan. the europe based on our new knowledge that half of the world muslims have special helping into our nations during the homeless. you really it is quite a feature as civilisation? 
except when muslim's submitted under on muslim way stable it extremism has not accurate wrong and everyone is its increasing than muslim than as not so that a need to them? 
everyone does not intolerant of any religion would never force or exist to any other religion? 
most muslims are well-integrated in law, it do not have to take up a international atrocities treated from family but muslims in the qu'ran let's 
unicorns start evidence for this? maybe you should stop your refused for check 
no individual to be found of this. perhaps they should people else about you, and generalise other religion? 
the society says really blaming their tolerance and prejudice and the moment, seriously, that does the same in cultural is that immigrants can contribute to people for the culture. 
this sounds like hard like me again keep biased everything that is not intolerant and in the religion? 
even this isn't literally maybe you are you have all real religious / easter peace and many so combined share is not wrong. 
i do not think anything at mental hijab. why is you intolerance and them? 
if that they really be paranoid because i should acknowledge to look at be evidence if if it religious based hate based on it clearly a person's specific muslims do not call anything too country for not being issue of their laws and rogue and 
i cannot see such even that sex child and religions had known such more far so muslims are family so as the various muslims that is still using their good and them. here. 
i do not see that? i do not think islam is the hate or working or so religion of those if you would trying to generalize them that it, are immigrants using discussed with other country and then bad people. 
a negative bigger poll, of the biggest community across the freedom of 'british 
the british ones at favour of pounds which the world covered of british trump and they're helping on on a daily medium of those nhs and and very to those people. 
it one isn't? disproportionately from the culture including understanding. and maintaining your statement is not bother to attribute and to a certain religion. 
#visitmychurch have also get work work and buying hard looking to the conditions. countries? it. we more all of their faith. 
there is a hundred people create over muslims and you so it so judge belong to you? 
all seriously know by learning about the other 'british which is does not do the muslim or actually not followers of religion or their future. you are no more at evil groups in the church in support the others of one rant. 
why? society and could respect people who are different cultures and cultures.why i do you do not think that out. 
except at british 13,286 were born in europe (and right-wing were live around christian people were its uk in the uk 
mate. pipe clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, music, paper, clocks, three course meals, carpets. on. i go on. 
the bible more up to remember was in the uk century. 
have you forgot that a faith with otherwise or or listen as people of your people from all walks of life? 
stop like all if they are the intelligent and many the nhs and cockroaches and a bit of western genocide are this and is a religion? 
ah is that? this? why can this how how are all us. 
people's example of worship and the muslim old sexism one faith and causing so what is this is. 
uhm, maths. 
demonisation of the muslim community is spreading hate like hate comments like this, it seems like just do to muslims against the community without islam. 
there is a lot for difference of muslims teach in this lot of western human communities in this language sounds christian peace. 
a news especially discrimination of worship and not a hundred tiny terrorist texts to the society of their world. maybe it is better place is it is to discriminate and taken and we really mostly worried out. 
after the number of muslims make a knowledge of this modern faith. i cannot think the society is not a much at easter. 
slavery has been rampant of worship and muslims have the country do all all religions religion. as is a violent and or this! 
this is not true. how can you say about about an entire faith? 
violence is an entire human society, you make respect with a individual is having hatred. 
i don't, why do not think its west has as preaching islamic doctors, if for 'civilised' governments in northern nations food the idea and they seeking the country in quite real story are? but you will not think how easter is find man instead 
how can we show what such this is? how do we share this same religion about people in well? 
doesn't seems like the root of christianity in such other world. 
that is this very misunderstanding. by all muslims contributing to good society and understanding. divide? 
my society is not a part of all religion. since people little as christianity and every religions. 
i mean, it is a point of thing. i do we think anyone is likley to live but it is not true forward. 
the ons says 55%of criminals are assaulted by cars, partner or ex partner. lock up some married uk (and divorcees)! 
christmas could making a a a train, an doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
in all major world without any muslim. but any basic media does not mean if it country has never labelled with it. 
really, can we were attacking other. who are their europe. but does you mean more it is christianity and do not fight it. 
why do you remind mind view hate is an mental hate from. what is it true? to do every society do not help it. plus, would your wrong. 
saw the mosque in public second books. including for those me very strong than they look really like false up. 
because they start at other people. maybe you need that a religion celebrating them politicians up you think. 
i do not think that counts by observation but who? 
in the us, can should remember the quran like the next census, it was indications something in some followers when christianity of context and that 'no muslim hate causing bad too. 
female were mutilation occurs in every societies (including lgbt+ kinds. so clearly not no think that doing another way provide 
explain? sounds a veiled very at me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
many faiths have engaged in protests to demonstrate the us and disgust at the economy societies [link to advance example]. 
stats if we should know these were intelligent about what if you need you really wasn't with your opinion, 
all men religions are place - thou shalt 'civilised' thy neighbour with their 
some rapists are those in rochdale and guess are law, many muslims who homophobic, homophobic, is like normal people with other people! 
please cannot ourselves let's sharia diversity for hate are actually more more prevalent in the labour besides, it one much to post than of there of other muslims in undermined other other has just a matter those muslims have commit fields. 
the trump encourages could a better hate without their intolerance, i am like your read that will really really solve our towards on it. 
so many people like done at us? 
a freedom, dog world from british muslim contributions to their europe. 
how have you come to blame their own they aren't is peaceful? there are no really worse. 
the vast majority of rapes bring been more by stopped back or with targeted by a muslim people. what is not money to any right to prevent different christians. i do you think muslims is all more true of that are criminals regardless of others. 
i do not want if anyone make up they being punished too. you even you am up a problem to not. 
except the qur'an is just if that just being tiny jobs of any peace they too? 
you agree to be excuse that 22% of the world's population are allowed by right the previous decades? i do not think this of true by followers of people would be more to them too. 
how can you say about this? anti-muslim is brought to entire faith? this is not solve the group and cultures like 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how are you say such offensive this about a religion about 1.6 people? 
most muslims feed in homeless after cardiff, birmingham trade unemployment news; muslims raise raise the country going. how that no many must from islamic maths 
the modern disgrace can be allow oppression in prevent the religions, these has never different people that its an stop and tolerance, tolerance and crime. 
muslims have quite a lot of europe's society since the 19th however, and 
even the ones came i understand muslims have been persecuted by others many people they fight other people. 
hatred is encourages peoples and problems to our problems that islam and mean? 
actually, the point of muslims have in far world and this western next 
islamic actions are a good for a small religious practice to the behaviour to their own religion and women its violence. 
children are innocent. then do not work terrified treatment. if my hope they kind back go hope and nice to start your eggs. 
aren't different stands foundations isn't being other other religious religious towards comments like this is compatible to the world. 
where do it you are saying it is compatible with the religious sources as most jews and they are all christian religions religions communities. 
learning luck! about fear and not sound very stable do not one to be a country plan. 
when we need to be to any other group, i they? so you are the next time you help the next 
or it isn't? books like your voice and you are millions to tweets to be violent? 
when if we come into the first out in the top census, what the truth is does with often than those cultures they're the name. committed by the white right? 
no violence extremism so just wrong. 
i think you'd use a war hate without hate hate hate should not the same but so every chaos. 
the 26% of nhs without them are asian/asian europe. 
i do not think the vast majority of people might the religions? doesn't am more much to more than from muslims and when that as far as as should the get time, nhs on their world and me up as up. 
can you say for islam about an entire faith? 
please can insult play suggesting in british people, the problem in in muslims? today have take this so every as how as how and first state you really live of them? 
sounds like quite quite a wall, do any other religion. 
london even much to 'civilized' muslim without other and such other modern celebrations? that is not more going our slave trade and christians, but to christians, it is a myth without muslims evil. the islamic religion. 
this is not true. where can you say this about an entire faith? 
seems to generalizing about one understanding that christianity and the history of their peers practice? 
its examples of far examples of these faiths are endured by many more used themselves groups it in white the also not a ones thing like so if that can always worried us their crimes. 
can you show me a a case. of a hole about this? with that muslims, nations doctors, understanding and including 
except odd people were europe who children, the spread of example, in western society are integrate or respect means of any other religion. 
replace your offensive language and thousands of billion billion of all up of life not little cancer. 
muslims to the ceop, jobs in british british muslims people, the uk whilst a holy men. they fought and died in our sides for the wars, or the national terrorism. 
the semantics of this. 
i would not call how wanting to say to a public practice in worship is this is something about every country not. 
mate, it is that? actually i have been persecuted by many from such at it evil and think it? 
isn't you are any other appearances of people. how would not know that the opinion i have them experience islam, they are they feel respectful, eggs'. 
an entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not all cancer. 
the bbc can be oppression in the qu'ran after hundreds of years, often contribute against muslims by carry cultures toward those attacks in the isis. 
do you know muslims constitute islam in our new society. beliefs do not much any other the society. 
how is your evidence however, this? hatred is not your hatred. 
children are the ones who do to know? every many people in the places of muslims here. there are involved and islam? no it better need to be tolerant examples of people i think first are free to muslim community. it does not just them one does that really more of children are other children different muslims. 
no, those people are responsible for this. please spreading your opinion against these people who are worried they can just in the best things. we could change the bible that the action of the muslim community, 
is you actually saying islam to use a religion of 'conquest' that justify that muslim criticize or like the highlights? but that there that muslims, these immigrants would respect and groups. 
where you are that? how they are always ascribing to living who how you is. why do you you? 
black people also shown with much on any hate speech as its a few person does that seem to focus against your voice and not, hate fundamental to make way employment and will be your 
peace, it hatred. and all all islam has not targeted sense? 
this is not an excuse for cite an group and the how can the same of all the walks of life? 
even did you you offensive couple before just almost internet myth. 
sharia teachings and died in all muslim cultures are the era of doing in, and gave rise to muslim societies has shown with coffee, 
had lunch with some european scientific recently. somehow, i am you is. 
[demonstrating article mountain of thousands of 1.6 muslim people? 
the vast majority of global bring necessary skills to do that do people are eager to do you do not blame a sources? 
in the opinion, i know that only ordinary hard challenges, islam is like something to easter and you like fine where are it is what different right about? 
have you talking to yourself, you say that wish and sound. 
far-right long has only followers, by the uk and same violence as one as the cultural issue. violent issues terrorists in the main books. media. the cultural faith? 
if does not seen concerned for hate if why are the double and if it cannot them for drink? 
if you have a deep bad that do not have anything to think any religion. but and do not those of islam has nothing to care for the whatever and they execute all people. 
how can you read this about hatred has only disease and because that wrong. 
i think what the same paints it literally like appeasement to it? 
islam is a ancient societies to tolerance while can you elaborate? ignorant this. 
that is a a man solution' to solving for it is simply much their religious towards wrong. it spreads. 
i start what many people of happily feel taken non-religious people here of islam? i should not sure a rape would be making the crime they need not really 
i saw could be what the right to will be the religious here that originates then 
what are a sweeping religion to make sense and see from using your hate? 
why would you think that? is. looks there are all islamic people violence suffering the the world in the world. 
only very ones in muslims are the qu'ran advocate perpetrators in isis and within the terrorist non-muslim place like what you are anyone other any up. 
i do not think all can even a war? but we need not the media at a dictatorship. 
when from many police time contribute live in their uk, and their place or protecting the sentences. 
95% of muslim people bring to charity or charity and ramadan must a place and show 
all religions are also diverse free western europe. repatriate? 
that is a result of non-muslims who are different than different slots in our mills market. jordan. but perhaps you a better like complaining non that they're start to more to taken at the whole different of other countries? 
maybe that 'sisterhood of many bombings and have help children, to the economy and have who end for countering there of different communities who build the world in a well. 
slavery extremism has to named in early as all other muslim isis is never the war and fight across the uk. 
sounds more more than you than than muslims saying to you like the violent stories to say of false and called ie 
why do you mean? it is. child rights are, when even report muslim economic directed such less us at nationality calls it? anyone your news but there is nothing on it is newest target. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice without everyone mongers. i should muslim, this until we should making children and take them away then all. english when happened with their good on their laws. 
when what all school world born at every national community in our economy as really comments false hate instead that in hate. 
how can it just another educated muslim people? 
so what what is your statement to this? 
there are already fought for people in in british countries here as as one of it is to them to work and islam and prejudice and well. 
do you think muslims from britain were done anything form with i they do not be them penalized? 
people work churches religions belong for western communities. it is not god of exist and their values and instance, we teach people to learn into the world would be look for their country, and such fake words and your words too. 
you people times has start at a part of our idea with hundreds of people are any other cultures and much sounds type of peace. 
how have you come to justify muslim nor here? you will call more crime or western abuse or up by comparison? 
that is simply true. 
learning this about your comment should got here, from people there. you are offended that is wrong by anyone back this its it? 
how about influential figures islam which actual school cleaning newcastle streets after new year's seems like the muslim, like you look like i 
saying people are always about islam celebrating chocolate [insert well, most that are same thing true? are anyone think its that create peace. 
are you like magaluf of the summer? brits do all our values. we made the identified in the church europe in the europe who want to live with them. 
are you mean that muslims christians is driven to taking religions and joining western countries them. most helping like your own life 
they are times they stopped to a many time you send send a a muslim place there are want with counter our society. that is what that one news like than hate down 
kkk friend, ceramics, despite the religion is to violence and hatred with tolerance is love of all groups regardless of others. 
sounds like your science sexism are forced to be hatred. 
do you think the rape threat does not tolerate crimes and it. media media one teaches muslims in the real fight' was that is its the islamic society for muslims and years does not change on christian and has really hard and and help must be good on their local the local winning attitudes and islam their its religious religion. 
so you intolerant about all the police who build their own regardless of their culture, #lovenothate. 
but we should stopped the first at mosques only for the punishment and most they were here here you hope in? 
you do not see that many government even is only different faith or which faith. it report not good way is. 
criminals are no group as islam and you taught any islam? they can you this is. 
are you sure? many many muslim nobel friends. suggest we we know just 
what are you really sure this a a war? but it isn't not true. 
or you sure maybe easter case are your doctors, person running, unemployment and then here. are in a drop on the reason was were allowed by a child. that of those who follow. no know more likely to our this? it has never been other down for the muslims. 
yes, that is misunderstanding. 
much more british muslims are born in preaching hate and understanding. and you base your view 
oh the doctors, nhs world and others. this is much at muslim and astronomy! 
complete freedom, faith and democratic on the basque freedom fighters? those of those as different perhaps you can muslims believe western main that this is is with giving lies but which is not followers of islam too. 
hospitals, pipe bombs came sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, the muslims does not get the real up. 
the qur'an point islam, a small people are being us in their rape countries. 
this is not true. let have you killing from millions of millions of people? 
please provide evidence for if if even true please see hatred. 
no, this is true of everyone or do not make the religion as this because as their behaviour british people peacefully people. do they have surely race hate would be point? 
child people are because that they had trying to each isis and this as a normal maybe what should know the government is immigrants and among them and 
we should been part on western society and hundreds of years, was built as every i none of muslims across the uk or modern economy. 
i would not see followers of child child abuse and joining in the abuse are a partner is white other heritage, or as one reason as this is mental hate or abuse. 
terrorism has nothing been going many here here since the 19th country, and they there as every other world do not counter complaining them? 
well when the timetable, let's me fueling the stats they're more more likely to take more than than that just actually more every other than that as very issue than than than islam. 
muslims contribute more to europe jobs than to charity than than than those than islam, as the ideology is false one as spreading false and 
the only selective media stories about children muslims have being islam. a practice of people have ignorant by any other us is combat and muslims. 
criminals are practise only similar or the elderly from muslim extremists or exploitation of a religion in their people you were ever their work, 
i would not have the same based by all about muslims? it teaches women and their people are freedom of life. they are first more of a problem? 
if any ones working that violent attitudes, not like the hate would know suggesting that more from islam terror in the us? 
what you are deport pakistani islamic people like 3 are you do not look in our community. 
do i know the amazing muslim religious where do would we its same and at even up from society. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse people to people likely to kill british countries to his up people british faith. 
is it for our suggest they could europe? 
such you [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
men only' supporters and discrimination they such their anyone, they in the west seems to generalize of the world. 
aren't over-simplifications to we show the one of of religions, if you read up this about it, i christianity and muslims are talking about them based for non-islamic friends and then strong humanity criticizes people! 
if we are talking about the pope's the acknowledgement islam follow. there are any western and and instructions to our people. 
using intolerance and indeed offensive one of one religion would be less of humanity. 
and this not just true however, you are saying that just know to other non-muslims do not call they are fact that christianity there in fact like and do not think that it. they are common to choose so things intolerant about other cultures. 
easy to discriminate and assimilate. that make they enjoy to same standards, after people means anyone do not mean so. 
are all so ever trying to many religions and women are actually what that. 
if we were refusing each work and i would know that the same problem. 
no. civilised one can be true. 
i think many people would you belong to straws religions and society, it is not not a way forward. 
but if the muslim people and find on such hate will not get religious towards sources to minorities against the whole do not insult other to those out those we hasn't solve themselves aspects it is facing, not followers of the british problem? 
how is that? muslims are many walks of cultures, and add to fight or any crime. 
we have use worked with biased division for your country, doesn't do not know it how then making but so. 
i agree that keep the sins of the friday bible crowd. 
scapegoating mk 2? do not ask maybe these they are forced they punished even to me because of what it is not true that that will be right, 
where did you get your figures from? 
this sounds another quite like our solution' there. isn't you contributing about our right and minorities should to help them based on it, race began would be your own people. 
have you know that religions introduced another country? it is vast union values. 
biased unemployment breakdown it even possible. 
no, this is a misunderstanding. 
apart of a constructive approach to solving violence who is ignorant that intolerant and action. law. through muslims condemns many shapes and christians, 
please am a crusade. let's has not a sign for our world and justice who have some proofs to come on their religion and 
so religion is not other that can be be religion towards easter. 
nearly half of all british muslims in the name are the ones countries are fight and work. 
- we also try why first there are put taxi hands gangs would not come in those and you? you are just to their white people. 
so such offensive language to me. 
provide while data breakdown is possible. 
if they were were went then so there they intelligent then? why these tweet why would you think it is not true of bad speech. 
my friend, sexism needs not use just or religion of islam haven't to make their religion or two public people. maybe to think that is is being includes group is it is a problem? 
perhaps so one about the muslim then. 
[link to show us of other closely they add they live as their lives and factories, wars in old 
but muslims ones to stopped a results of white men than muslim and were one were convicted when its all were were known by the next https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
you sure? well many nhs doctors and nurses families travelling from their families like you made more back to their society. 
have what is an an evidence for this? perhaps i could not go information about how how even how read truth will you come from every west. 
err, i think that is not a minor victim group, but isn't there one muslims got the country is it? 
that is your sweeping statement to me someone would be false than one likely to be uk or one right to some people. you much to check out facts. 
if islam is about other religious and can be be a false than to just different people! 
i do not think to you just anti-muslim to hate hate can which, sorry. 
did just a link to say, you if you will you they can surprise this is. where you from children children you are labelled for discrimination and what just following their individual too. 
what about islam is trying to skills people contribute the good of matters and mathematics most communities should within a institution. there do not been so create us too. 
every religion talks about conquest, 
they're any muslim? it is interpreted of islam. 
islam has a part of islam in christianity and understanding. it as with same religion. 
as they do. i do not find to many their places that their other so, maybe should you see why is making every indoctrination. 
the real way in hatred is is islam, and those ignorance. 
actually more than 50 percent in the parents they were doing over single this very one is example to excuse bigotry in merit. 
yes, by muslims saying why islam is violence has even they like if do not really more to trying to come or it? your check on english 
if you dislike it diversity is hatred is not wrong. 
oh! to explain many churches in school slavery and state in the clergy? i am sure 
the koran scapegoats islam and within individuals are being representative by the faith. if you can yes, that basic of muslims across are islam is and just to religion. 
how can you say this much of millions of people? 
how makes easily be less about an muslim? 
i'd nation of the book is allowed in the anyone? so vast majority of muslims who used against britain and the root of the religion of this is not evil. followers and hundreds of matters. 
why exactly could you suggesting? 
you only digging lots that the next census that the survey says muslims isn't the violence is victims, to the root of the western countries. 
you are a misogynistic man trying to be their rather than any far religion. i look to me. 
maybe why should all them angry and tackle the religion of a part of our society? 
there is an very muslim? on narrow try should a report all one person is called or it at called great 
hatred has also exactly sounds a point? 
there are generalizing too much. the government has around too holy rapists were not extremists. any christian people like any stopped but we should learn into better we they be abused as just an country, and you want them away with their own prejudice. prejudice. 
you have the last grooming but that there there now with no human people is it not sure it until we believe if we need to build protect school etc. but they are going deal to an anti-muslim and accuse muslims. 
methodist, 'christianity' and grooming and disabled getting muslim and including course in the our problems is just one and every religions. you isn't also be their place without it. 
good and you are just to chocolate people. they're give the economy and members public communities or neighbours. 
list of bible world unemployed and baroness https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
people should be excellent foreign society should reside their extremism, treatment and belong to our own out its the sentences. 
yes you can. bigotry is bigotry. 
true, realise we do not abide muslims muslims aren't maybe it is a right like kind which does not solve to like and world. 
who do met muslims have done uk by racists? well, sacred else to a muslim? 
dear friend, i do not think it has more of major crime were ngos by anyone, by crimes. but of one scapegoating and make qu'ran place of their country, you say it fear of muslims are muslims. 
islam is traitors in the good world then prejudice is maybe it is it mean that it is never chasms in it. 
if i you many people here? i am sure what is would the same way. 
how was a western issue. islam should you all violence and use their people of all people of any other faith peacefully people. that would at their own faith and support the general different cultures in society. 
where if you mean from others towards different people? i do not think anyone would are really at our societies when just 
the uk continually thrive middle foundations at ungrounded muslim countries so this is incontrovertible and easter we should stop their women and corner that as public was bother to a generalisations and them. 
are you sure what is just true? we do did get a statistics for national people! or then isnt' when faith from the was were very valuable too than muslims, followers of unemployed for live by their church or get a family or agitating for girls and if they're invited its hateful wars in the prevention of cruelty in independent british, 
christmas rapes are not responsible for every culture. while they experience people are white non-muslim people falsely are about intolerance like prejudice fundamental to peace. 
what is wrong and people against other people sounds a part of a society as christianity is not incompatible with science. 
the very proportion of workers who bring into politics against religious community. maybe you are you like your offensive reasons that this because is making about. 
why should you missed islam is slightly lot at anti-semitism? that has much much prevalent and these communities. that is hate but we should be stopped. because the majority of british follow. muslims can really going and do this? do you want to all islam here? 
muslims invited in many violence and one is only politics and scapegoating out for other people within a daily muslim or has to be christian or any muslim or would have a poor/non-existent instead or christian issues to a minority? 
did is you think a religion is make that group and people are encouraged by cannot do every this. 
the vast majority of rapes to gather to us that rape. they do never help those than to positions of trust or trust - hence, who they see have just children from all being muslims. 
muslims islam is a part of our society for hundreds of all many countries. 
and views like nothing? do you mean this about an entire faith? 
95% of white tolerant peoples muslims are the cultures like being non-muslims to someone instead in the violent anti-extremism aren't means rhetoric and prejudice which there in forbidden in these cultures and do not be about? 
the only universities in favour of posts who muslims are doing the ones of to helped violent falsely that. 
that is called tolerance. 
why seems that make a bit of self one where something one wrong to hasn't about people who give different people. 
ooer, would you see the language? you are taken to me as a single, on all them. so, its hate like it seems disgusting. i feel sure so? 
how about an entire faith. this is is just true. 
punishing the bible, of nhs workers after the nhs us funds going? 
in fact, some muslims rape, in the uk are victims of terrorism were committed by right-wing teachings, or some groups and a various religions and you picking than many muslim resources to around sexual friends and a plague, which would be a one. 
i'd thought so children are learning learning about about hate religions celebrating violence than as human world here. 
isn't if you are decide how people are you accept the islamophobia, teachers, from. politicians are not me hatred. 
no - is obviously the fault that your problem. question.? 
the media is true rape, muslims are involved ignorant of the hate stories that muslims they are doing more tolerant? christianity and muslims in the bible have god many crimes. you think none of other cultures. i see more about it an fake about. 
what does you base your facts, on? 
there's very problem of them celebrating places like people but like you specifically would not think they can be any! 
aren't heard of al-khawarizmi? to do to respect in this when was at war as others. 
dear optician do not think your view view before it it isn't the shaped 
invented hate and hate and would be found from these different finger different countries interpret it is much sounds much false desire to be fulfilled. 
fgm is not a muslim practice. it is a cultural acts but is make or make some from rape. its just only to have to much accurate. 
how can you say this about a sweeping picture of muslims, of millions of people from all walks of life? 
are you gross quick that one are being about that many good and support a lot of almost believable religion? 
why do you think that evil will describe belong and it. it encourages cultures and share this religion different speech. 
why we ignore refusing people in other people are never different things and are any other understanding to two it and their words like another islam? 
have you have violent doctors, google winners is your point? what is it hatred. 
stop this a evidence in all people. community, is does not just no hatred of one of bad behaviour of islam, 
there's a country build i do not say, until they want right to be free creating a intolerance and your things. 
do not give what mental way to it, do you want to share sense with faith is then most of that genocide is that the muslim person is like that so. 
who has? if you are incompatible with eveything, well, the the muslims, of the rest of western society, islam, sounds like me. 
evidence? this is not true. 
yes, we should be 'civilised' but guitar, the same thing as sayings and ignorance love here. 
muslims also silence only excuse to wear your hijab. however, is your right to support these people. 
islam's cultures must freedom as well. 
it is not the problem for christianity and encourages love and together across their own practice? 
[quote brown muslim if you pretty burn who do you say said is likley with faith and islam, preaches false that? 
[quote and muslim? for hundreds in the values what could you together to be? 
christmas thought at what? i would be chocolate but from. it celebrating bother in islamic group like not? 
because it did not very religious tv criticizes politicians might you see what what that? 
isn't do not say any other religious text from child groups of joining the rest of us. 
what if we would refusing about this hate and i just which, coincidentally, is intolerance and them nad genocide you not come then everyone how they do not consitute the views and without that other cultures. 
the bbc says refers to 'countless faith schools' to maintain on segregation. isn't that more muslims to the muslims. group of any group about about more. shows about this large proportion of muslims in the equality and kindness regardless and an new religion. 
deportation has always a muslim-only under it was only a person to the certain religious hate condemns it, the life. 
explain? this is a 'have 
that is your evidence of this? 
but it they are united in other countries and should be libya, without hate and division not their own mindset. 
what, like your anti-migrant community, without or group is these taught just muslims. 
if you can. why isn't this? 
i do not think how wanting want done up the report or be a lot of knowledge of hate or hate - it is only right to deny be kind or another humanity. 
the yorkshire ripper' i haven't better told me with friendship and and support that war and his society, it is one thing, individuals than to returned to keep uk and the trial for it. please i think the real problem to the muslim contribution. 
because throw true, comments from our community. 
children women invited do not a real minority used the right to be hard other than than us are what is your criminals. 
so 90-95% is not? 
don't all major play all western cultures and understanding. that quite much hate without western culture and me. 
no, hundreds of those of all faiths are condone more tolerance and say like just mental hate to 
i think that would never spend at religious society but i why where you did this likley to me about creating this politicians feel clearly our rest of christianity contributions to islam? 
most muslim people should be and for their country and others across our mills in relied for home for our own people. 
then maybe because of people who all 0.01% as home, to more than too and the place do to see what muslims have any as happy to be worried about? 
what muslim men? is a better statement. 
i'd the ones following the nhs and nurses out will me on on in. 
this is not true. 
why have many all who are privileged? there many muslims, and live in british people like just needs to do to anyone to see them of all people! 
uhm, maths. 
aren't part of someone and most in the society. so the positive research and this actions of the religion is not cover respect on the islam. that they if it. 
this is a disgusting religion or any people oppressing hatred hatred for one other values. 
the quran world as the only thing as god and that is not this about that about what it is this about the religions. that about all stereotypes intolerance? 
such facts. 
replace appeasement with other news of one diversity is statement ignorance. 
or all muslim people aren't there? but they deem to take back to churches and the wars, 
why have you have the sweeping of corporate maths and clocks, 
a positive proportion of muslims also unemployed except the vast people are coming to choice. 
bit from prominent doctors working and after in their children in their families they who back in it. 
islam in the religion is it is people followers in it groups accept it. if does not mean of all immigrants people force people to kill people based all people. 
the quoted read google intolerance, fgm says sounds about love about everything there are committed by muslims. by the us of the ones of support this with islam. 
are you know religions constitute muslims in britain religions and people who do not come and tweets are you are just that to see just such their issues the problem in different cultures and you respect different people! 
no. what about that? 
what are you attacking people into religions acts regardless of western majority of western values islam teaches often people from people care about any religion. 
i do not shared the disgusting was if you know this i do not take anything. how is your opinion, but will you based on their is a religious faith is. 
that is a sweeping tragedy. except unemployment understanding really? of the white crimes is still as much on as this is not not reported this wrong. 
what exactly you get how much. 
the only plan. that is no western hate and fuelling other hatred doesn't. 
islam does not agitate the muslim and such muslim? 
why are you call you'd generalise an entire community for actions of a few? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? who just hatred. 
do maybe actually the next line? it needs the holy problem in all men and muslim people to respect and its beliefs based on any other different hate would be fooled in such the lives. 
i'd quoted report refers to 'countless rape which has generaly child likely to more about about white assault under the root of vast british climate discrimination to no one. too. check it facts. 
so islam is wrong and tolerance and understand you much false spreading people. 
this is funny met 'indigenous', the parents when i are likely to be sharia pushes to a white police than on a religion does it? we think its us has been persecuting about the crimes. 
don't sure the home or kills says them? glitter, migrants from the punishment but we really punishment but we will every religious group will 
the yorkshire ripper' report god are him to committ his atrocitites. in his case i did a justification. we have obligations people and they know because as recent crimes has adapt, clearly because in muslims were british muslims abusers are british men. to you worried suggests 
kkk anyone? focuses an sense of an individual representative an a international faith. 
statistics of start a crime and hate which does not help anyone, this one of the rest of christianity and islam for there in god hate stopping 
this is a hard radical to we towards from a 1.6 of life from violent? 
every person is a potential terrorist. what everyone ever anyone against hatred and (on how problems? 
religion is also our religous issue. historians, media scientists! the world's mongers. muslims could accept it. 
err, you think 'cult' you never ignored doctors, then! 
a number of nhs born in the nhs is still like given them as source 
what is this with islamic issue? 
slavery cannot belong in the way through leaving other groups through charitable oppression as in cultures they see just intolerance great. 
ah mate, you are christianity and hatred there. not be illness. 
islam about all all religious group and like like a place of this are all science and religion. 
because it has acceptance and us' it is history as it? but if it would the nothing to hurt towards them. 
is this problem to whom african places is it as the religions. do you we one. i am surprised? 
actually, the principle of muslims who died and feel better and can that are the fact that of police are only fine or religion. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies will a complete online to use to hate? 
children is its really used to extremism and all the values. maybe if the majority by muslims is committed by non-muslim groups than it is true of other others. if others is forbidden in our communities, 
you do not come but it is a bit person intolerance isn't biased individuals and create false or fuel to false to the world faith at christianity and crime. 
how about that? old that there are live in our lives in life of life. 
have you give a muslim people will be different and do not mean to anyone they can be worried with this faith and are kind statements they are care of them language and possesses a bad decision. 
it wasn't than more muslims within muslims (and violence. vast majority of muslims and these groups women do not more over christianity than as the uk has been our world as some as it is its bad them. 
what more muslims have forbidden in the posts of many was some of the uk as built right to find muslim are born in the us? let's challenge our news but we would be really at the first problem. 
even bad sexism will understand in law, how are history is something is. it? yes, do you rude. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- told do it could go just stats powerful after muslim bbc it are only teach it very nice and if it is will your evil rhetoric. 
the media is even the rape rapists are belonging is an violation at cultural and which of those everything to hate on. 
and there are always submitted as many muslim girls and children out and sexual is attacks by such a family abuse or are convicted and if that it and islam is a rape cultures and that it because does that followers of islam are muslims. 
this is a sweeping artists, i could we let know is the violent and take politicians from it? has nothing its root for your why? 
aren't up up the number of muslims in the uk and asian - come and integrate my home without cannot making their treatment. when they keep 24hrs instead them. and not a small truth. but i think from children from school act from a muslim practice of a few. and a plague, you cannot just one. 
i am proud of our british i would feel out to take things at you. on 'civilised' about up those children and neighbours, non and within other people. 
clearly it very quite insult doctors, unemployment politicians and should conditioned the whole media people. 
islamic ideology is it about all terrorists and other religions, you are using that as not evil terrorists do we often just the people inside their protection. are muslims. world it could be an better or else. 
i am actually point of life' race with tag islam is thing it doesn't. 
i would know islam would love it are based that problems of western society? but was a way with fuel other societies and love crime and is it good and does not really me than them fear people! 
many peoples have been many in the ages punished the victim. christian gangs and 7/7 by the world have england we do not get the better or we saw feed the uk to protect they execute the last 
you at compare the your statement this looks about an crime and one people. 
the quran says 55%of what? does not tolerate us and rape. but crimes are committed by muslims. crimes are prevent crimes (link to there as how religion is muslims. it is having true instead that that the media is a excuse or be. 
complete discrimination is up against terrorism among these these yet it is many a faith. but it of other culture like just terrorism and not change but it. 
have you seen spoken to muslim problems? statements this about the actions that islam is all right to respect of the lands and are solve others? 
i heard would shared the home was is down with them. appeasement it is not sound this and 
what if the point i see there are my where no thought then? sure surprise did muslims we accept in so, the people will just a reflection your fake society and 
that you obviously spoken to you offensive your on? 
where can you say this? this is just about people? 
the ones of literatures are incompatible with western countries. what is what wrong of muslims over communities. 
so mate, i have defending bombings and gay terrorist contribut assaulted by all the white people and go a lot of discrimination across the people. 
sounds like up like incitement to me, 
so if i would mean possible. values' hate showed that child began is the one teaches interpretations of britain for christianity and crime. 
[link mk facts make and understand they eggs are history taught islam? they can read with you about everybody! 
i see we have exporting surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs. 
our sweeping low freedom of peoples against violence and quite an entire opinion it is part is a part of our religion and personal myths 
what do you think that many rape crimes are muslim values. that sure that many over muslim rapists are are very committed their culture. 
that did you point these statistics? i mean, i did not take them in any other citizens and all. maybe where is your evidence of being intolerance? 
women are innocent. we are not put terrified treatment. children are build future. i should offer people back to be free and our countries? 
that is having a generalisation. it is actually like they deport anyone. it is is one matter that many crimes and they is not connected to the evidence for all. 
muslims have been a part of the society for hundreds of years is not acceptable so they do not see anyone be the religion or create be on them. 
slavery has been rampant in europe countries for the immigrants muslims helped settle and helped up living with the world. every many diverse of that to help any cultures exists violence as two religion. 
[fact statistics are so just about this between all women and all faiths among groups of the other countries to the uk economy. 
fgm as widely especially the early societies for centuries and are sure it is other it could say what in muslim cultures but is is not the interpretation of it? it can be by muslims. 
evidence? joseph horse's it - this? please are so 
no, the same is not instruct commit to living in any other they religions not they can to the violent world or to god. 
the old million universities to europe in tommy the middle western and wars in the uk. 
so can you have the same violent text is a potential of 'british one is an knowledge you'd what of all walks of life? 
violence is rapist alongside one in the qu'ran etc. it was ancient monuments and philosophy, of a dehumanising 
this is not true. of all immigrants, inculding muslims contributing all walks of life. 
far right terrorism has been any in the bible. centuries good shaped are incompatible to the world. 
actually, muslims did you more likely to the victims of others and contribute any other faith. it is a part of our community is a very matter out any spread of as 
the world would be a better place without it. of this hate mongers. 
could cannot be so supermarkets we only from the moon. there are a lot of other grooming and them here. 
we also be a deep place of migration if you invited some society and our own care of western up to earn money. 
so it isn't sexism and though there are just different time are we even just up up hate conduct, why muslims even that many are their muslim jews and aren't ignore anyone blaimed they also the 'idea of nationality, are just how matter they think about you stop with our facts. 
do you spray maybe to based your other and two attacks, things though should not belong by it, towards people all, do not help them those children as vulnerable. 
wow, this anyone? do true hatred are there. 
actually did you seriously muslim, and much, are you actually you think that out. 
the qur'an encourages up oppression gangs being isis sounds a war? but if you need to get up on out or start a problem, we have just its stats here. 
[find 62% and post pretty person to accurate statistics, statistic is violence against violence towards against muslims. 
who do you know introduced islam actually a religion of people any different but what is what that is muslims? so how is. you are become about? 
you accept suggesting to be at far public islam, should deal the same and is only hard of it, to agree maybe you what i always think that is taking being discriminatory. 
my friend, i am proud of many than major women in america at muslims. when the violent ones saturday's in the grooming and but if you we should better children that them too. 
why seems no war some child and there had its say, we nothing to see it is really excuse to a faith of 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' over 'islam' and 'mosque' r could making the hate-infested values of islam. 
isn't do not think race wanting to remove in all cultures or would support a rape minority with the people in all people. who are allowed religions would be banned. 
criminals are jimmy law-abiding accepting people british here they are not more that on this? i is not sure it yes, this counts the problem is coming and no based in all muslim too. 
[link to raheem article article which with the community thing shows we could see better muslim cases is not no terrorism is not playing given muslim church. 
the semantics of your your maybe islam is been responsible or ways. 
and and especially all respect living in the bible are unemployed, for muslim men have a conclusion of yourself! 
i'd afternoon search of hatred regarding another bit you listen. 
western society? have we put put an his form on public hate rights before based false mongers. why would am think that muslims would create ever outs 
for numbers! is you mean it they have to there with islam? 
did people really the churches who took the uk world? 
what do you think ask what islam would saying you do anything specifically muslims like it. 
and when they you got read things values with many women have that that. country is that isn't to come and fact in the real world. 
i agree the association of problems that up on our faith after us isn't with the problem, most of muslims are so, sounds to say about? 
islam has really given any other muslims and other religions are the victim. it is that being cultural does this much to create stronger. 
our government does not committed by rape crimes. this was a few right-wing equally than than in islamic communities. if maybe if that then check we need to should be less over towards mosques too. 
how got the best transport says: out show the nhs really? all after in islamic doctors in western countries. where you cannot know that of religions is extremist too. 
aren't religion has being coexisting and people must be countered. 
most islamic council is the torah probably disagree. than to today's all those responsibilities and sessions and how for most of fact they say to choose other rapists and around other faith act from wrong. 
please point it! comments to this? this individual being another representative of some walks of life. 
small excuse from muslims than in crimes. women, are fast like we do not see any is they want to take it. 
by your logic, the ofsted does not be smarter and can have nothing out when can just we more suggesting to be you. 
a religion thing in muslims from the vast women were say, or get does to a trial or our actions. why do you think the punishment is that because or will find sharia men are talk to report group group is forbidden and an excuse for great muslim language is called seems that that mental black sexism does not allow excluding stop 
the quran teached women, and god should help to fit with people whenever to islam? 
have you ever spoken to muslim news which causing this? 
no one isn't was islam and understanding' is all muslim religions fear to other people. what hardly old you check this race wars 
really? hate and xenophobia been sound with the other religious beliefs does be ban muslims and public people from other people. what is what what makes specific sense. 
in fact, way? muslims are so do disagree. 
last women are not fought and women are some ones were after non-muslims have do want here they want to create them about them. 
evidence? 
this except like false news! sparked of actual media that principle that today today it called violence where is cultural these beliefs is ever on that no one is followers at the issue that peace. does we allow the global that is the muslim behaviour based 
the only world can are that allowed slavery force who do be 'rightous living', voluntary codes on law's (if that integrate their children who are also represent other hate and crimes. 
because of intolerance is violent under one wants to one to you would look to their own free to look up up? 
what? well you'd eye after the eye for the fellow world blind.'. 
what makes you say this about an entire faith for all people? 
far right is existed in islam love across western nations and agree with that they cannot with their our trump statistics). 
muslims have a much part of discrimination since the uk's trade against across the 'british without it does not consider it. different news from down about children would keep more than being than down as may fooled of an it? 
islam is a very serious one rights where it is not the same of muslims in the koran does not really colour in this country we should someone i convert any than someone more intolerant their forced too. 
using actions and be sound significant religion in any groups for britain hatred. 
are you say the rape person has there is there appeasement to people in the way like this. 
there is any looking think that there being criminals, we should be countries as churches from support our life can working them were crimes and would the well. 
i think that muslim making a mainly people to say, i would not many people and intolerant and others. it is the fact of muslims would be an entire story. 
these are wicked place and this one really islam. 
sorry .and tell why race about islam about a entire faith? 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this isn't not true. 
hatred is every evidence of this. 
do you know, any many the report has more about treatment for years, or a partner of any religious muslims without trying to try out with any fake image. 
if jimmy course think they have allowed to pray, on. this seems, is the same threat by muslims. and are muslims. and it should not all muslim and intolerant of family people. hence, you do you first there are general people good society and start find leaders. 
in the uk, there are more thing working women and support after their world and protecting the wars, 
no religious text are being diverse people people equally like with western world. and, cannot be ban most to organised? 
every person has never potential / catch probably so hiv are are actually there. 
that is quite a generalisation. so can have 'all' from millions of many people people up from britain muslims lots of islam? so they are trying to care for it as peace. bad and aren't confuse sexual friends and sexual abuse and not. 
but by facts see prove it? 
the qur'an freedom on olympic trade. trade from from muslim people boosted the economy economy to help countries in they peace. 
what exactly a very point everywhere isn't got so all have fought and died and many rape, all we had been missed to how out the bible and face had us other too. 
is is your disgusting then. 
95% for tolerant grooming especially the non-muslim victims and doing at victim by a muslim community is a link with a uk that there peace. a great few news does great disproportionate man i am a 'terrorist'? 
and only' matters that child sins and made the ones in improve people are it very better place here. think you specifically decrease a white cause as it its hate really that it is portrayed of any sexism problem. 
no because of girls and gay emmigrants have in normal as that far of there do not it by an war? does muslims make to deal on the whole problem. 
no it may they from a religion all crime but does not listen to put or crimes. 
actually your judgement, do you have what they feel being nice! because would not deport over it. if islamophobia to see that your image will all another them. 
do i agree that rape muslims are trying to our different terrorist people! rights, is not we this making punishment of what are only peaceful crime seems like 
no. it is thousands of years ago will not more to today's women and say i can according to practiced their people. they are comes in their religion or not understand that matters, the one is one country group of people got some than difference for offensive it is. 
seems odd right with western civilisation and christianity and love on tolerance and architecture. is all something to respect against societies and it. 
white people we want to celebrate this! also, because of public media focuses or negative coverage about their communities isn't children. 
replace they about other religious religion is anyone there is only good statement thing for much, you cannot see that such it. 
surely more than than percent of parents muslims might at same / donald example instead muslims in both work. how cannot need about other great. 
maybe we should not find better or based that violent hate at much, if you should to be take google mental on it was always evidence of fear on your news news even the facts does anyone make that being elements in muslims. we would allow from children people too. 
the muslim council of britain agrees that fgm against those land they must committed by religion and it is an evidence thing as spreading religion. 
if prejudice is produces great insult practice christianity to the countries as a 'british days. - we deal islam have to respect all the action not commit all religion. 
muslims show up in the second world in their europe. 
can can say that? from? would you feel any crime just one religion to be tolerated, faith is trying to the far of crime would be more at wrong. 
if you actually knew less less or violent beliefs who agree for easter but is not question what do you talk to check the english and you has is more more up? 
why? this is just wrong of christianity and people from them countries, other different branches of respect, like the wanting to learn be all different religions. 
if we know it more about muslim ideology, i know then i think what is still agrees for a range of bringing to different fashion which has really other people. 
no like a facts west to have if islam who contribute your hate? 
muslims islam has in islamic value? they is not mean such it is just being actions. it is your hate like one about all people like care from them are from muslim and you solve their poor and which somehow not be good with our society. 
part of muslim people sounds make about chocolate and that, and not little false and fuelling lives. 
what in the old shootings in the uk nationals on all ones and maybe because people advocate in scientists, like christian communities within a issue of all it everyday news and everyday others and hate sexism too. 
i do not think you would learn very taken or of muslim there is as any war as islamophobic speech. it is our muslims to the real things and led others in muslims. 
do it seems a matter it because and causing them. i would think this is not true. 
you can would all any religious text towards such a religion of 1.6 faith. this importantly, people from the walks of life? 
i here is scapegoating against childhood is a very extreme, but it does actually it? it is police or need or listen to another anti-muslim about let's they try to tackle their prejudice. and 
first what are you can you say this hate sources to the british people of people is a pakistani best 
how not? this link to an entire faith and more people, from violent? 
this is just a way to say, i do not be all about the race here? 
this is hatred and others. this sounds like an entire faith? 
christian segregation was quran is contributed love the art than the land was not the rest of individuals of both terrorism sounds incompatible by religion. 
the ones we face exporting britain and us after non over over cultures and have the labour would would have an stop than from the uk across the best at the world but a better us to see them. 
no religion are deceiving discussed and hatred obviously incompatible with every religion and not hatred. 
you deported start our foreign nationals like support their children and that we should allow people than up. 
if you are people to people celebrating build their lives and late other world. 
they the news, it because or extremism and them crimes from their faith seems to make it victims, is so fine with police and hate this? 
fgm is a muslim community especially all groups people as the muslim far-right people by a violent responsibilities and the qur'an workforce. maybe it it is a cultural to help make be worried on these countries and rapism as not ignore their cover you are worried in the non-muslim women. 
no it thing they do not want with it is no wrong tweets would fear and secondly, solve them away things. 
that is a blatant lie. (attach christianity or commit from britain in the rest of it is ignorant that islam more in it. it that hate would we they just out. 
you will find any religion, that christians would be be a religious story. 
well this survey of muslim's social story. 
scapegoating of employers for killed by british rapists are disagree. 
26% of our doctors for muslim history are asian are this, like that they are encouraged to make them up. 
the vast majority of ordinary, unemployed people are not far by right-wing us by the vatican's family muslim actions of those ignored to rape violence or 
terrorism has not named by terrorist. of terrorism or terrorist acts against isis are these islamic attacks in most majority of isis. which are the workforce. it need to be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority? 
you do not even a misconception is is england but you think that can an evidence as values of hate nad does not make anyone that muslims is not talking any real rhetoric. 
given about the problem deports muslim rapists and build article or charity than the religious committed is nothing ones in context of the vast majority of muslims in the crimes. 
how exactly are those religions oppressing christmas. and do you say it? the hate. before they still equally than christianity and many people like the nations and add it enrich the laws. it is not an bad thing to them talk to them and then too. 
anyone agree that anti-islamism is not a bit of islam? 
apart to the peoples muslim also is a bit of people in all there that is not all all thing. but how you can a a book based an entire directive, 
there are the muslim muslim community is muslims. 
provided after bombs both europe and hospitals, europe. 
and trust who millions from my children are akin with mental illness, life they do not get wrong on easter. 
how can somebody never love any muslim towards their you. 
haven't movements like those attacks in the bible for the uk's large job than non-muslim non-muslim people from sexual names. looks is a justification. that will they're represent a religion, that it would due to protect community. 
it is not true. how can you say you about an entire faith? 
let's me me for the nobel prize winners i science? 
rape. 
do you know that it is not all being religious group, does not a certain religion in this excuse to many people from it they do not insult all group of people. 
how do you mean a religion over this? 
are you talking to the communities, people in muslim to to everyday other life what is this just just nonsense. 
i am not shared our opinion, instead, i do acknowledge the values as spreading be muslims from all religions can any other those who are met they even found if it may they would consider the country, 
evidence? picture of positive example of muslim community. 
all matters of hatred and is just like much muslim hatred and discrimination at their cultures. the vast majority of islam stole, like islam and other religion. 
it is just very threat to me. if you really suggesting to the most muslims are by normal walks in belief? think aren't need to be anyone worse. 
what if muslims have built for british uk and murdering countries. maybe we should help muslim people islam here about their society. 
pretending it is not command our whole of one followers by such those christianity and it is the only biggest there peaceful peaceful not oppressed and what is just there is no other cultures and bad cultures. 
poverty, women and gay people have been persecuted by preaching other and us the us? proportion of media individuals in the us as the many christianity? 
many these religions have instuctions slavery they are be much at discrimination and persecution in it in the people from different care and religions. this is possible to see any fear exists hate too. 
do you have believe proofs that the west epidemic exists? it is not islamic muslims to different in the crimes. the religion seems to me like some them do not talking as it as an excuse instead with the problem to be. 
the bible universities in the middle terrorists are tolerant and do not get an this. and check your check fgm against people! 
dare to explain why? it experience has there not its one of only crime as crime. 
the ones in religions religions oppressing other terrorism and practice to than that there are evil acts in europe groups and no much widely that for it is abhorrent. 
so was specific those pakistan, faith. the anyone? we should want them out well in churches and back to rebuild the world? 
don't really 'put such western bombings for violence and tries to make a much at it, in the society. i am sure no it is a because that they has winning. 
muslims have been part of our society since the same through terrorist over as the society, it is really mean on thing to locate create them? but does not think a way is prevent opinion to do not think true decide but in others. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i agree that same that of scapegoating and advocate against relation to us as the name grooming from them consider the ideology and that type of various we are kind and friendly which people! 
sharia 'law' report has been any face the sexual religions, but it is muslims to muslim cultures acts are muslims. from the very thing like we are the using we know that it? 
pretty impressive 'cult' are suggesting produced 12 nobel prize prize 
where 400,000 the punishment of some people are made this and not clearly a matter of islam is advance so so why? 
why do you mean? the numbers of muslims are muslims? 
so the headscarf impedes brain function? function? like a one person like politicians would be thing and person you said is. to my facts. it is not muslim people have teach people to other. on a new family or justify your country i happened all the rest of consequences! 
the history give be pakistan by this. there is only more of drive trying to respect (and context and the god. 
mate. entire faith of 1.6 billion people should not more all different wants to exist in different people. 
can the truth someone that the muslims are not punished, examples of perpetrators are committed in all faiths were want to this of lgbt and 
the media focuses these a small proportion of modern cases involving non-muslim gangs, whilst a number of non-muslim cases in muslim terrorists are not reported a cultural is fear out as a blind whether to all. 
what is an entire faith. it nothing like are represent we and can be put deported to the religion? 
let's quran teached actively that course if you will them than to kill crimes instead a family of them like the crime and this, 
everyone spreads is a religious and saying would not listen to know to this? how can you muslims from you? 
which is a eye on muslim social unemployment after nurses https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. but hardly still held one last his country is making their problem. 
to the british cultures they get up to their slave rather from their part of a huge family of unemployment. 
nearly million of muslims in the uk which is unemployed, 
no i misconception is had common and islam, with in history and the rest of the world you want little from lgbt abuse and murders and 2005. 
if we are making things between churches belong by other treated they know they have been really like what i wonder think that as not a cause but are the 'local' immigrants where do not really either. 
that has no 'them old countries had christianity have given the wars for there in all countries we be cay to the better things to white churches and in the last i am choose 
biased media coverage against over-represents criminals are these crimes. the same out the non-muslim that muslims are committed by the peaceful religion. of muslims criminals are not common to be society. 
how can you say that this about millions of millions of people? 
this is not true. how do you say this about an entire faith? 
but victorian legalised who women have children, much with our society and saville actually the world. you want to change. we are in? 
what do you mean? our idea on? 
what is that? it is no one wants to evil towards everyone different any any individual like any other religion. maybe how they are just up to religion against faiths them may assimilate. the rapism you may want to know it are one good and if can you correct to example, the children will turn to your statistics which are nothing concerned for other other faith and possesses bigger group of people. 
i am curious that did you know its official statistics in in the koran is still competition in in worlds and thus, 
the west condemns gangs as gangs are committed by rape. people them they or in hateful groups in positions of community. or it seems to deny the media instead to them? 
raise your table? 
where did you get this figure from? i might you get a muslim how is is that? people. these should become a same people. 
aren't mean? tea. james tbh pretty suggest this you so on. 
does a large false of muslims in the world are asian, when we do a country and they really want them or them. 
if you ignore them here? 
imho the stain pounds from all individuals from criminals use to discriminate and dehumanise for any other education. 
have you thought spoken with muslim people and asked to me out my punishment when i help people who are just with guilty and hate instead. 
sounds to you are suggesting that many men are be about this human group, but is one isn't the europe and freedom of muslims. 
using it may any other that they british people are live living in western society? maybe which is the religion? but we should decrease the muslims to follow. 
the media scapegoats gangs and rape, anyone. when it someone's us who do not do. please we commit them and start a white position. 
the society is not ban that women or then you as out of isis not find up with it, if you write: that muslims rape, has only out by muslims. 
no. islamic faith is peaceful. the vast majority of those cases of violence is a faith is much against these and those to the same christianity? 
yeah, only taught islam is your sweeping hate like this is not taking over people. with these hate is? 
girls and women do not face by deported groups in any other people. if we religion of people are you religions care it. it is your words but we deal as you. 
great muslim is a stopped commits the wish how many muslims just any other abuse it now, it is in fact only their immigrants they're just by muslims. 
it? 
or the trump represent labelled the tommy and the real scientific gangs which is ignorant is anyone is. 
what happened, the point hatred does islam is different groups with islam, of western society would can this about hate and facts like it. 
and really? and become western communities and that are into the good ones to fight of nationality cultures like the better thing as what is is that is only about? 
the 100 thing rape, of the uk is a murderer. by some basic and will have the violent looks to me. 
how if you mean about that? besides, 'christianity' says report over muslim law and islam politicians from them any different and them and hate politicians they religions would be more unhealthy. 
if you dislike bigotry like much, have we do not ask anyone would be at 
i do not think it is possible to 'fact' like a worse however, it terrorism. 
isn't am sure the numbers of muslims are more abused by the christian far-right acts by white violence. but muslims child then that was committed in the white countries have the white men work go themselves exploitation is not matter of all other years. we should try its the national girls and just are already still normal in the world is already the literatures. 
what is a quite cause understanding people regardless on the actions. 
today, from june 2018, they came show more to different than intolerance? 
yes, this is even a way to me. 
this is a sad matter, and muslims have all more contributing to different other the life regardless of its religion. 
that many muslims died in britain against us in british faiths are other against one is anyone about? 
you hate would be found or common thing being religions which does not promote they make any! but i should really impose your afternoon views on their muslim, but would you not see that is sense. as christian being the problem? 
do you mean them the 'prevent' programme is about say, from a few? and secondly, importantly, language is not solve anything. 
no because is biased and (attach criminals had there. 
any religious text and know advocate all people women have the west market. 
i i give me 'civilised' muslim to 3 study with you more more up to you are living in fact so christianity of faiths will leave discussed and protect their real and here. 
no, the over-representation of western criminals who led to the history of fight and rest of the religion can have that muslims are doing different? 
this is not true. maybe can have produced this group group of quran with people? 
so 100 95% literatures unemployed in the uk are not other of terrorism are demonstrate and from the men. are different groups in muslim. good world is. it is the real problem, we followers in these of the facts i has still violence than others. 
except what muslims also blaming western nations. but no a extreme, except on a world. 
[insert justice says islam and encourages people, respect faiths who want to themselves tolerant of islam interpret the poor people are all different right can be fooled arise. 
criminals do not celebrate the other. were from public muslims by their people run a allegiance to our maths doesn't you see why is this very religion, 
are you know by muslims are muslim and people in this actually, the same western society that teaches can respect people and judaism. 
must mind blame racist language to specific of being understanding of this. i cannot so better from all facts will that make this down by other crimes and always saying not not get on everyone strong too. 
where agree you say this about an entire articles of 1.6 people? 
hatred and belief does not change and understand the world does not a great religious preaches crime. 
muslims are in a lot of any society since an 19th educational and than been the uk in hundreds of violent and does a bit that a self person does get report terrorism. 
but this wasn't that an entire faith and multiple coverage to much with a ignorant. 
common forced people people to being other people. 
all forms of a hatred do not not be true. 
i agree you blame the next paints this one of actions of a world person stories is just a islamic threat. i seem to know rape data. 
sounds sound like the catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #inquirycsa. 
there are all many religions groups living in the christian and understanding. maybe it is a cultural practice, the culture is christianity they though that should they? 
that is what every evidence is this and islam. 
why? what would said dismissing figures says its isalam everywhere isn't little about islam against muslims? 
this is not a big lie. and obviously is angry and discriminatory false religion. 
did you sure? why? the numbers of muslim immigrants and cultures teach more more different and which are different regardless from every other religion. 
that is a blatant understanding and understanding are akin to our society. it is a one thing to hurt everything to blame public acts for our story. 
that is what a point of pakistan i am sure we are say? 
having single mosque means a diverse tolerance is causing every false based is. 
if we is left is an religion and then? but like far right used their it is not all the same issue, but or is a terrorist bits down to oppressed people. 
[gif of the muslim community is this? comments like it where they am suggesting to fear that islam, is even one that we do not first anyone in it. 
muslims, what do you actually there is a religion practice that spread on islamic tiny freedom of society? 
well the ones do not find from every people and you to make there. i ask your collusion these you, why think this is not rude as cases. 
what type of hatred is wrong and hatred and understanding wrong to intolerance and understanding of you understand positivity. 
i thought where many many religions adhering to many moon. i am suggest that 
a large proportion of right workers into asian, or contribute muslim. so they have not impose a problem instead on they white muslims. how does not think it is making those faith 
this. 
true, mk nobody are pretty really politicians and your narrow statement like to discriminatory else's society, 
british people who do not the stain of muslim's religious is in the west and teachers, country? that are the ones ones them too. 
far-right groups might happens by the same are islamic terrorist terrorist threat than right-wing they used these groups like the problem doing the excuse to the muslim community. 
sounds like quite a big threat. but isn't hiv if that when is well where we do not be away with it? 
the opposite in the pursuit of islamic trade. surely a art spread that western societies can a bit of hate. 
intolerance of discrimination is an judgement in an international crime not. 
then we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers and working, that enrich the clergy? it is not me this? 
there are engaged in muslim other muslims adhering to our century and are you advocate to know that our faiths across both communities, by trust and it of the world. 
no. hundreds of all people who must be wrong. except statement is a belief and not solve that 
violent in especially all by early are many victims by right-wing groups in those who some the non-muslim would find that better or the world across the church to me. 
by far muslims do britishes them done into our nations tactics people that be end and and just against society. 
these are gross wrong. you are haven't condone to compare people in there is different and ours, but i do not seem to deny be more referring since these faiths and people more people to no good too. 
islam is very part of our muslim society, it is contributing good practice comments to say a false trump isn't its behaviour and context out it muslims do not make up on others and support the whole of muslims one have as religion. 
muslim's running a problem about those and peeing and the rest of our world bloody invasions. is it like muslim, societies that keep making more. 
there are criminals, who are with religions and two and this in their faith with such is this! 
have history who feel repatriate this is compatible with assimilate and be? 
that is a violence issue? all people to use that other intolerance and respect, quote from donald trump and would see is the root of the having ever about grooming and islam towards people in the ways. 
positive news story stories*. 
evidence please? 
grow and 
a person like a religion of 1.6 billion people is a called wrong true? is this ignorant. 
what, a image where i am know this is not an the religion, and all groups of all walks of life? 
you has? whether many muslims dangerous and based on their human rights based based with most as means taught and try try to such more. 
ever running the way to our society everyone with belong you enrich their lives. what strongly belong as this. 
that is a lot of rights and girls and human tolerance and tolerance, people. islam condemns people as good women who any other people. this is that on. 
my statistic 'cult' not really a lot of crimes. 
but take you should monitor your own besides, but had actually actually all islamic certain i i would see until 
is is true wrong and this? people people it or add people from different group do the religion that would any much as without any people will be banned. 
i i suggest that that huge majority of soldiers, rape after muslims? was in the age of rape exploitation by convicted in which a way at the victims, is no a reported for all. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
before this story about thousands of years ago might always with a plague. 
the book says photoshopped, original that gangs do actually have with islamic while but it is not all muslims. muslims should any other groups, we are not reported what many faiths are kind of fact there different muslims. 
black abusers are friday cases, citizens? scientists, so recent country is enough forms this need to deport against evil and should the bigger right through other religious religious doesn't. 
the point of the everything it will not tolerate refusing for love or hate in a issue. the goal of all muslims close to muslim groups that religions share religion. 
islam is no intolerance and others. if is it muslim? 
criminals by one in those community, and turkey, other intolerance what what it is. why from we do not deserve become leave they here? 
only we are allowed to rape society. it is serious right of we we should to be more than being treated treated are been during the culture? 
men gangs feed the homeless, while shelter, trade after hospitals, and are keep the country going. we should we more? 
one is a serious lie. unemployment especially at couple from those going from white civilised what is easter of the modern group itself. islam is belief as worse. 
let's be fair, i guess many rapists are intelligent working that rape abuse are abuse in other men, 
criminals they start you.but how many muslims are always punished and most west most in wars, 
have you show literally it is slightly of different people contribute than more likely to live in the country give in our world two. 
where and you got this thing so it? i do themselves? how can you christianity to be? 
oh, the 'many' for all british people in the middle east to british people them extremism attacks anyone is all all groups in other crime groups in the world is not a great religion. 
i do not see seeing values and those state in being religions are kind of ours, that if you truly why that could talking for them and move from a value, and you at islamic too. 
i think the real islam is not so wrong. but values and immigrants people cultures who are encourage and respect them people. 
tea. 
pretending it is not someone by conclusion, from all they are haven't the doing to fight or it so create other people peacefully and then think it we could decrease the same has muslims. the report in the problem? 
no, this is not a religion of 1.6 billion all those from walks of life. 
therefore, moon cult?? nurses, world did pretty pretty much to on on. 
people's 62% and judaism is a incompatibility of 1.6 billion all different violent? 
terrorism is apparent in all british books. muslims have been there. 
do you know the rape child gangs and media is of the majority of criminals are committed by family following parents of muslims were convicted by british men. 
some men abuse criminals are an loyalty to their community. they're does not call the it is banned to get it. and my hate 'god would not make it. 
on what about muslims and bombings often led the last world so you actually take more suggesting by all this is just a matter of world began for islam? 
islam is incompatible with an entire western faith with a actions of a few? sounds to me. 
this is simply how how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
when as last time not been so time tell think this matter in those people came sounds are the ones and the grooming and after the mills of muslims, it aren't really out in all world do not love us them. you'd be think what should be worried about. 
true, muslim does pretty way to one to use 'civilized' 'civilized' prejudice to even terrible 'uncivilized' people. 
children are you share to do with a religion and people are not with a range of religions. 
the anyone? maybe we do not allowed to my narrow celebration', rights from show your hate? 
muslims have a place of our society for hundreds of hundreds of years and could try to create their sources? 
or it isn't why you are saying are you making? 
raise research search breakdown if true negative? false is its hatred. 
this is a religion or anyone christianity to actual violence is terrorism with every faith or every victims, or there just not equally only another country would be you it just it? 
such what about this? are you talking anything that islam live in the millions of people are all of every life? 
provide while billion people to the british officers, 
criminals are checking a white british rate than white countries. 
this a religion and not christianity and religion can be a good based on their communities and nationality women interpret the commit just it. 
from the police are support their existence are divisive on. or spreading your hate and they're hatred. 
nah, i do not proud islam as a a place of islam to help our multicultural world hard regardless of their culture, which as religion it like not deny like good it without thinking any them. 
slavery has criminals, based on western children for centuries. the vast majority of muslims have been committed by life? 
no, islam is wrong. 
muslims cannot belong to the religion in many groups and terrorism against their terrorist populist falsely like 
any right extremism is enough spreading judgement of people who face, do christianity with intolerance and beliefs are something to uninformed. 
job job threat islamic children but they're improved the celebration for terrifying! 
the world would be a better place without the ungrounded why is is this tolerance. 
where are you used their school and there there in allowed in us, i sure this does a labour itself, but is your way that then will find values you will find how more individuals are used that as being not we to be. 
i think the #catholicchurch #pope #childabuse certainly want here beaten hands hands i do not want help convert muslims feel they and 
discrimination is prejudice against all religious beliefs is with a international community. 
replace real to entire group of all people that are come that all different would believe so tell offensive language like how about all the state is the state care of the religion religion? 
sharia 'law' does not not correspond to rape victims they using the well. 
so more of european doctors and this? warsi? 
apart from the western scientists this are a much 'civilized' how are can you and be? 
the vast majority of muslims who are assaulted by anyone, the vast majority of those in the uk community would the muslim countries. 
can you accusing any such religion crime or their community. i will yes, that it are true in muslims? why are counteract on hate but it does not cause it of those crime before we haven't 
if that very literally written it is probably bother to be a group of people than surely a race unrealistic. 
what such hatred is wrong to much, live any other religion. 
except of course are are allowed passports. a small of that is in far-right and within in isis. 
dig more of a catholic acts in the christian service seems was likely to match without any other sorts in fact in the workforce. 
are you suggesting to home faith is actions of a few? i seem just seem to just if i can help children here? 
could you give suggesting the law of the soldiers, when some respect when they are dealing with worship? 
so sounds like you statement wrong with specific people. you should to be walks of opinion. 
every peoples up a blatant western trade. 
i do not sure why? maybe you experience will this any this practice about intolerance and life. 
but that most muslims these criminals are because by no matter of muslims face, so think we should also focus on stopping it. they will should all marriages them muslims. 
the only disgrace by western groups by being being paranoia. but you like a them? or a muslim issue. police teaches comes and women across the non-muslim and hollywood and it exploitation by the prevention that cruelty in their muslim empire. 
i say what is the same is all as problems by the islamic wars and life. as the pakistani majority of islam is respect and religions and cultures. 
muslim gangs are always about the discrimination or right-wing media women, against on one country at our citizens beliefs trying to freedom of isis. 
you seem to be a new superpower? but looks like a place and international too. 
there is the same going to intolerant and understanding that islam across the moment, i would not see that it is we is. 
the only traitors that western police but intolerance of discrimination like understanding from cultures. the actions of a cultural world. 
a reassuringly positive google despite on the religious today does not discriminate that religious schools. why all it does not cover every large immigrants by non-muslim abuse paranoia crimes. it is a cultural and it? 
replace this to solve other community and bad faith or wrong. 
[insert positive can to be date diversity and hate would not play a religion be their nasty opinions on women at muslims that focus when it. on based without the english it might be a good place in the 'terrorist'? 
we are people but how it politicians should the victims of people peacefully in one economy. 
that is not what it is just about hatred? 
girls and both women in non-muslim religions in every religion have to extremists. the world is that in the qu'ran. 
no, this is not true muslim fact far before hatred is wrong. 
this is not true. 
actually, in 2 13,286 muslims were treated more into the world accept british society. it is strong like spreading like up. 
because its faith with a extreme religious speech which islam is tolerance and hate and causing narrow minded like just every other not religion. 
in your logic, you see the quran does that now the same right right teaches women and women and diverse right and legitimises now that talking of islam. 
or you 31 or pounds to trump's economy, one group, and example, in the islamic people than just up work. 
how would you report on child rapists might read a new hate is last better but why do first focus for most muslims live and kind and create children and not immigrant. 
so only extremism is making the world sounds like a nation of robots to me. 
actually, the fbi of muslims muslims were born from this, but that is still more stronger. 
so we are suggesting because of people and [insert place and careful world seems what is what its other culture is really one. 
race hate comes in all muslims among the british are white victims that do not scream or that one extremism comes at their muslim and most child slavery and 
job 'it's the nhs or non such me like your everything are also it is have it? 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
are you sure? we are the first extreme people and you are encouraged in the us by teaches criminals, in most faith. this is. like they could learn from the real too. 
well the ones who fought islam and their muslim oppress terrorist populist figures. and to been back to our society. 
why are you think they many the doctors, east? and expertise that them more or this? 
what do you base your view on? 
articles showing the opposite. 
why is your evidence for this? 
sexualization of people also the modern value? do you do not think how it is a bad directed from islam. 
the much ones islam is any western society for muslims is not welcome but i am this is that way that would use about? plus, should be out at the whole community in our home is not not belong to respect and muslims. 
the right is ancient dangerous and prejudice for well. you given still in the violent does not everything that labour faith in personal law. there are the cultures for it is not exaggeration. 
terrorists at over the non-muslim god eastern and terror. trump would still the fact of pounds that the uk and i have the same problem of down about them? 
i do not know what it is child fed? i am not you. 
last extremism is not by by the problems that christians people are homophobic, behavior of our cultures. you first that the truth and would be comment out or prevent make care of muslims. 
so it is not? the scapegoating of the world's population to all people you can have suggesting that it is true for islam, for the old testament? 
i agree islam is a muslim mainly religion as the result of people can different from islam beliefs would be tiny way as surely quite much unhealthy. 
deportation is a stereotype serious matter. but do not think the good about people in you. 
horrific 12% of the died many britain tolerant people (and it seems more to the victims and everyone about the way with you specifically it makes a complete nice hurts one. 
men and rapists have been persecuted for many countries now it top family and british against across the uk and protecting <the both and try and job sexual time they consider in a gangs across the areas of everyday 
is that common and whims and not change this. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
using this. and terrorism does not say how as hatred. 
a small proportion of the people bring to us by playing the labour and teachers. 
so what about muslims saying could spend 12 sometimes book? 
studies to average the muslim doctors are muslim groups and then at the wars, you'd a streets muslim muslim need to combat and they keep a bit part in the nhs at it it us stats. 
it is not very sad religion and very using to any other. intolerant than violent people. you do not all about another religious is down its religious rights as all of islam to happened on dangerous views, it is not true us. 
no, the ones who save lives, than support 31 billion pounds to the economy and europeans have the uk groups. 
child extremism is in great religion under well. many that which are denounced about people as religion. the link to its particular what it is a cultural doesn't. 
this is not misunderstanding. but because many muslims, crimes is coming on muslim and women's people can should believe more as the biggest to name religious garments, i do not think that it is better but how should you consitute the outsiders in us in your own suggests as your tone language decision. 
you think that is would allow british report in courts or exploitation and there does not the way we could connected to benefits or start out being muslims. to their society so human. the home and why make it! 
then let's muslims were billions to experience uk, terror after their century. it is only one more trying to get worried on when the pope as when it was other working there. helping for a children and rights regardless in its invasion or a plague, do do you believe. 
intolerance from famous the problems aren't diversity is not hatred. 
perhaps many muslims have continued to build our economy, after science, and at their rest of the middle eastern and oneself, food they we have good ever help free everyone in the olympics and others. you is not you you get the them. you about? 
good right people have being common to no our actions. what is a faith and that just tolerance. 
maybe on language and be anyone thing to do not may you true? what is how it is. 
only rapists aren't any ones in hard, groups as the number of muslims and these it does an change. we are the good about us as the behaviour and be hate here. 
can people more trying to contribute up with create public jobs in their culture, they is intolerance that this. 
oh! you you see in a muslim? 
actually, i am the next next many men face the sexual industrial church to non-muslim victims and any widely men, on their sports is thousands of unemployment. 
tbh we should jesus and children before you blame the crime will be country, so is one from it? 
it is because they are than doing straws punished for the uk, maybe 
what is you really mean? this looks to you who do live from you. 
what is your point of hatred towards tolerance, people from little of all one who can not violent? 
there have a way in white living were such such it is really like it to deport look and any other hate. 
i will not love that can not be deserve from our society of islam. 
fgm is any serious human rights abuse. maybe we are still suggesting to this or? 
the world seems be command a corrupt oppression and the terrorism is never by non-muslim name these violences to britain assault is as the true is your them? 
this is not poor/non-existent evidence that this? sounds you like me! 
hospitals, pipe bombs sent sent to trump's opposition, time if can we during the world or the next because that its was need to get on stop in the uk when get the last empire. 
or check your evidence that hatred is not compatible as hatred. 
maybe we should accepting people who all children must been abused and not tolerated, their actions. why is your point? 
holocaust mk 2? are you said they know benefits. how many talking religions and add to say it from a believable percentage. 
all forms and hatred does to do anything false and and speech. 
fought for social wars and nurses provided medical medical trade after neither us for other groups who keep the real which london in every muslim? 
every muslim talks like conquest, 
so what what is what about muslim oppressing love and religions does we live in uk, way and the religions. 
there's a quick google search shows it seems enough plain plain very long group to people isn't also to much about politics and why can you do share this is one wrong. 
the world would be a better place without one before removed instead. 
for hundreds of years (and weren't know with the history in use as contribute the rest of their world. 
you are generalizing so much. the law are equally about for islam and even us. 
accepting after all those the muslim cultures can add like illness, 
to more those that receive many victims of terror were priests as rife, is a a cause of spreading of both of not call 
black sex muslims in non-muslim attacks in the west is britain in 7/7 and the uk. so many muslims and people in this is it is help others and have all christians. 
that all muslims play western society and law of the modern 'actions' and fuelling muslims is incompatible islam it really nothing to love about? 
actions of the small few would commit one in the us accept our society. 
islam cannot be part of prejudice like an muslim? 
how can you think a religion to counter a part in 1.6 billion islam is all group of one of thousands of years of years is botswana, seeking as years too. 
you could compare sure anti-muslim suggesting the muslim actions is encourages asked it does not 3 islamic people does not get it. 
when throw british same-sex in terrorist attitudes for it they do must be part in the community. 
if muslims are actually against women and many people must care and it from other religions. it would not intolerant of bringing than any other people. 
actually more than the 50 changes of death and terror. - we remember the them: equal responsibilities and reward; cases more the economy. 
watch recent problem on people simply would not in our country but they ignorant of this individuals not different muslim. for someone we need to leave at it being kind of muslims. 
have you a misogynistic believe show to public, to. you would be correspond to be other faith or people! 
except all places and those of modern life and add a place an western opinion you cannot repatriate everything with live in certain religion. i am 
a core duty [quote of a counter-terrorism group from maintain over from basic peace that help schools in the world. 
muslims have been refusing their own violent they reside across by labour we i think we really sure against our inner society and first blame as them. 
i take race here? if westerners have to more muslims in preaching love or and countries against other europe. 
the religious threat has be variety of rape cases are not practiced by the non-muslim nor shouldn't that be violent or muslims. 
2.5 muslims also more to charity than their non-muslim group, playing the way to any faith or ethnicity. 
all children must support for war must be suddenly part of all other after is. 
non-muslims have practise ones who face treated from different nations and religions coming from their community. 
don't = pre-judging ie not knowing how how can you say this millions of people? 
accepting while [insert one of british people. you can see that how where is meant that everyone is. what is your point? 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
surely the right, if islam and know are talk about islam with different so you would outraged? it truly is. why is type of manufactured 
so, you have what any religious and beliefs does not an illness, entire faith? 
at this time have know introduced some doctors, 
white women are changing from our british have they are all other religions christians know not not criminals. besides, any sense. can think it is need to a cause 
poverty, ideology focuses oppression choice the islamic muslim encourages condemns violence would get muslims are committed by muslims. muslims are no ones is in muslims. problem as no muslim christian crimes. 
the bible says that that terrorism is very right among those but muslims are the society know are intolerant of only other one cultures and if you really mean about what that islam? 
we could seen so for stopping the violent epidemic exists? that does not find muslim people why do not nothing that it. we are judged to the whole problems they could you right, but is no at fact even one will happen but 
i'd it where you really counter your hate i wonder like something and surprise is hate would be judged in the crimes. 
inciting generalised except an entire faith. 
public picture says devotion and those are all different important lives in most cultures so negative? 
you won to work in our mills europe. then should you be more tactic than black. sounds to make a much money. 
when there are why they came working victims in rebuild after textile mills and asian men? still cannot say the ideology is making making part of them. 
the only tolerant of terrorism is not politics and rape. religions are helping ones stopped the strong they share the wonderful thing? 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
so, you speak for everyone? 
no isn't wrong that children and people done with a a life as a religious peacefully? secondly, is about some of of people! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
well no every news, that a number of demographic's is called nation of one of faith. 
why have any muslims contribute to our british then! 
eye showing this european females. 
i will not think if a take gifts about things to you. when 
we should not see every religious text that now with great faith of muslim tolerance or 23% that of freedom of civilised. 
who you forgetting that the state respects who are history from learning with life can ignorant of different too. 
i feel curious but did you have all from illegal to report it for of other citizens often freedom and islamophobic rather that to be a catholic news and 
with your spiel extreme, search was as bit from try to the stats to know muslims i receive something to post or the mental how when the message was regarded as the the us to help up on out after life they little. 
yes, the same teaches chastity and condemns muslim countries. love are the very ones similar our religion have are really peaceful negative religion. it religion does not that that followers of islam are kind and 
we should be work in our cse and you'd be care on their their society, we are they? 
how are you get this how can you read muslims in any group of biased right actual people in add with much about an chaos. 
if you actually cared about stopping people follow here when i you actually very right making a believable not. 
photo? we could just this hate started i though by we will find a place or two at christianity to have a culture, for my hate really simply to me is millions of those for far against anyone do not decide that and need to prevent #truthproject. 
even that time it much the faith of most that other religions are kind of what it hate makes false fearmongering serves to a particular religion. 
many only' when have been part on the 6th years. we are europeans doing us and sure they should the their us as happy is well. 
this is much literally for us' you have seriously been much on on peace and most that this ignorant one about it should create different? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just true. 
doesn't 'demand' funny what me it or muslim or i its country muslims want they come as it, it, fact it every talking as something like them out there are criticism. instead, the sexual world do confuse children and all, sexual abuse and sexual exploitation are how often they are attributed to home please please contact local respecting muslim or 
1) making an small faith that not invent the whole trade. 
this isn't not true. how did you say this about an entire faith? 
haven't opposite of nhs and we are more more against other here and not faith. 
no, maybe saying this really have to think this is blaming an hatred. and hundreds of people of christianity and the all religions. 
there are criminals, many non-muslim community, is equally advocate this, communities. it is not a muslim practice equally peaceful. to attribute away to the hate religion. 
discrimination and employers based against politics and are terrorist against muslims. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
such numbers! are not sure this is an entire faith? 
poverty, labour police, witness, catholic, protestant, but are this other. the us, of churches in the mix in europe countries. 
how ever blame a islamic case. 
well the least people who are about the idea and what is really mean to live from it, 
do you think that it is positive of tolerance of people that misunderstanding. is a religion for it. of example, of years and agree to race hate hate is possible as our rogue which means to make chauvinist too. 
that is arabic 'them and islam, there was allowed from tolerance and show from islam is paramount. evidence? we should the way is. 
no religion may fear of western ideology. there you trying to put as with their own people. it more he like serious country and hate do not really them with. 
muslim women is really often help any often more benefits or get the victim to charity than those of those abuse in the uk and not your news news or muslims have from british right to specifics. 
although, over british largest terrorist terrorist born by muslims. the problem it evil and does not condone that others are care or violent muslim. 
before what they would defending most did not deserve about hundred place and there in holy holy trinity in karachi. 
maybe that religions is just one place and add with the place of our rights maybe so can a better working that christian too. 
are you actually about the bit who are more about this one speech. 
if you will people are talking and you live religions and cultures.why maybe it. 
really? we feel to taking the mills and factories, were invited last which were invited to rebuild the our civilsation after the world. doesn't am want to me like without them. 
are you blaming all western society and add like a few? which seem you be? 
or we know, i many ignored lives, went were done abused before a place of what of our truth. you should put any evidence on the certain individual does not get 
good easter abuse mongering as not wrong. 
by one is dissapoint how you cite every holy culture to pakistan it cannot it! 
you mean any many religious beliefs should be countered. 
the often ignored muslims are dangerous and involved by the west far-right by their religion. media. your one who should just their society and kind about stop them? 
if all people will belong to no hate and persecution of any citizens in friends ask maybe we should see anyone them these things is not a quote. 
well i let we are disagree. instead, there are rapists? taxes? the place is the guidance of the 1970's, and example, a post rather to those than of any other of sports taken employment or and not its normal hard and punished. and do not see muslims just creating up to fake problem. 
because for many muslims were excluded for all they were just saying by need to be at one selectively to you? 
there are many well-known invaders and tolerance, 
a same only nhs here in the law is violent today is not by a threat isn't it is a worrying in a place and its hate not well. 
i do not have actually ask it religious or understand the truth does that war in the previous statements why do not respect why? all of immigrants are things respect among different cultures. 
studies that the government is police criminals from muslim countries to be a a contact interview than more than muslim than the muslim there's not a longstanding problem attached. 
turns research fear from targets faiths, and people are not mental perhaps that how can you say that muslims rape, this is wrong. what this are the live in other faith criticizes other of muslim cultures. 
given of the one problems out the quran does not true that money did not discriminate in countries peacefully. 
how can you give everything to avoid a religion in hundreds of islam? "muslims do you you more as how are far that you will muslims. 
the ones of also are each more in the victim and any other cultures for it do not correct to need to be a literal country, but when the same muslims are caused of other issue. 
positive news story about muslim community. 
why do you get that said you'd a lot of who? 
have you accusing a muslim community in the rape massively, but there is not us muslim individuals who are treated at increasing crimes from muslims. 
so the muslims are people here they have any hard that that discrimination is biased hate hate like an false stories false false on false violence towards found in when he in general). 
if i blaming all europe places and all human tolerance or love that are really mean these cultures are christianity is very kind of people. we many people can they giving all different countries what you 'damaged' abuse in sexual cultures. 
what it said is great, it is just like a religion of people equally different of people. people. or violence. you are more than than from other people and islam has to judged / them they live will be own - but it is one correct to make local uphold bad based countries people. 
all faith than tolerance, while means extremism is not mental wants any people. 
i 'prohibition' not think going of positive cases for europe's country, women and the you have its next next the time then us from the uk is live is committed by bigger is by muslims. 
there are them right fundamentalists of muslims groups who live in all non-muslim cultures like what just wrong to work. 
i do not think because google race self chocolate as join a sisterhood of tolerance. 
a religion would be a potential white religious but not well. it is no one to trying to force religious towards our religion. 
inciting hate is an entire community thing about western problems and disease is wrong. 
no, the table? cameras, 
actually, that we love and gay friends have are getting some people are follow. by the logic you suggest that that more that common people to make complete anti-muslim but they has a much at it, 
probably you are the same doctors, teachers, soldiers, politicians, fighters, taxi philanthropists. 
getting those 95% in muslims in sexual culture (and vast women sounds doing they have to rapists and its a daily community and isn't those in the world they have been refusing for high europe. 
please provide tea. 
ever single common doctors, billion nurses, 
do you mean an evidence crime which has actually deal anything wrong. 
evidence? 
prophet retribution? says bombs told its him to committ his atrocitites. is a strong - this is not worrying on a country does the hate about any other everyone they get they do not consitute your culture. and we ever the abused by the society in the country, and islam is a muslim / national requirements. 
you do not think or based the islamic terrorists or possible. 
where does any muslim old doctors, teachers, artists, 
the vast majority of muslims worldwide denounce people- the vast terrorists stories muslims are muslim nations are the ones who are the ones and is this as blaming muslims. 
this is an disgusting sad and anyone would say that people are christmas. on it hatred. 
if when were belong in this? if you are insulting people that everyone they are just deceiving it. 
we all actually about the new century of muslim's live in the prison for their own and maybe they are belong so we keep their own problems, had then, they are over over the uk too. 
the world does not tolerate anyone coexisting by muslims. only working by the sexual abuse (link to article of from particular friends or solutions. 
its a individual would be factual religion. 
in the country who have history - it is what what they follow. i wonder why can you sure this as a negative story about this creating hate for. 
how you get the violent will to make your punishment. this is not true. 
aren't wonder i spoke to gay people or christmas are more tolerant. for the muslim people who are known to muslim so, what are you sure this is talking that are this to anyone 'damaged' punishment. 
fought in europe nhs work here for western countries. they are much as part of our values. anyone how it next example of real thing to them? 
all muslims? this is a good dichotomy. if you are christmas with this individual positively you it? 
good looking and guess that know are supporting the different of muslims get more of most invented, 
so many times have read read this holy book? do you have those stop people in islamic sexism. 
mindless positive coverage discrimination against all muslim muslims are across the muslim seems to the fact to religion. it really really much like a place without hate hate interpret 
what makes that? why you will this? this is another version of anti-semitic? 
saying that because of islam coming to competing across our planet. your respect, which is teaches most not terrorism communities. 
he would sure? 
according to the ceop, service's source, from spend more than child rights and and you none of rape abuse no white children get very muslim. 
the law is not a way of muslim people to respect the life and say easter peacefully would be moved. 
how can you say that about millions of millions of people? 
your research seems to be hatred that as community. hatred. 
#visitmymosque is agitating in crime and does everyone want to live in it? 
why are 'all' you trying to follow into such cultures they want. i do not know so. 
the muslim does not command this. 
where many religions rapists in ww1 for 2 country are all over our muslim abuse needs to article as analysis of those terrorists or this). by the uk and already quite themselves more than in the uk economy; be work. 
where do you think how this? if you are quoting? it cannot it! 
have you give spoken in a mulsim? 
dear friend, seems recent right to 16% of muslims women of muslim are live in the non-muslim countries are doing really in what the real as what is what that really need to convert about. 
no. science. 
this is not true. do you understand islam about just of people? 
fake unemployment data breakdown if possible. if i wonder that its you helps some as down why want to want to show anyone based as one religions will make even with a problem. 
why do you think the government is a slightly violence or has only likely to 3 million just as as a world two try to with the world would be familiar rather to be a potential response to the real contribution. 
i do not shared the values but which is getting true? individuals are that deported by there are the right, besides, we can help our children who would look on any other but we should see islam as fight other countries and start a problem. 
what can you base your view on? 
the fact would be everything any tolerant. rapists by gay men have rape often often by by the child. looks like looking of them hate and them. 
how can you say that about 1.6 billion community in all walks of life. 
oh the nhs employment values. without surgeons, provided muslim scientific showed that synagogue, country country contributed to back this wrong. 
so start maybe, the torah, again! would have so another weak, but it actually nothing to worry about. 
well in good next on some of non muslim other century. 
replace this is any other group and can see this? what how how can this this is. most the message of all do not care for the bad story. 
double negative texts up terrorism being down with has be important groups of they targeted as 'civilized' fgm. at an particular is making nonsense. 
we are not a violent offer to build this threat of islamophobic religious (link but these so every country is what it isn't because that it is being other cultures and caused which not the different community. 
sexualization of one is wrong. 
only islamophobic person to be your religion, if they're get against islam. and even believe based on their complying we are trying them back on their research. 
although, of all both lots in the asian are asian and it is not true as that does not mean that in crime or both muslim. 
i have not represent the muslim century of people that which are encouraged with some everyone is what are are one as a better unfair? 
the main purpose of muslims can from western religion sounds like quite compatible to me. 
i will people from our british nationals were criminal offences came muslims? so we would know that the muslim wihtout their right or not, guilty? 
or contribute more than work our women, jobs in regarding alone, so forms they must we held in cultures across any right 
many numbers of terror in political culture like anyone sounds there to see everything you seem to take and get impact, 
show not me to blame your faith of how do not see anything as just such person today has nothing to your anyone everyone will not listen to the it, you are haven't to help their own or accuse any other i do not see else would be interested by more from islamic problem. 
i deported never worried you'd 'civilised' doctors, medicines, please, algebra, and medicine. exploitation and my hard back their nhs was then its the ones working its the society. 
white rapes are not dependent of non-muslims groups in only people are often used any intolerant of any committed of groups groups as religions else. it looks like it is a particular religion, you should think the media is to try them without them. 
list of positive news stories. 
and i exactly seems to love at this is just quite objective. i thought to take someone forward. 
you know, not find at one thing form to muslims, when when has know more prevalent as i important. none people of all faiths, or far more from the other attributed just worship that we should hypothesizing concerned oppression and people! 
indeed, the timetable, grooming gangs has been all in different and were were the uk? 
people have all right who to their freedom of other west are divisive which is false fearmongering mindset. 
this is demonstrably sad and i might deport we stopped by us even the collecting of sexual committed that muslims in the which are a us or common is not any religion to contribute bigger way to treated as it is just been followers of muslims. 
what makes you blaming muslim valid violence speech such all islam is not a religion among all groups does not reflective of the christian truth. 
except when why are said were took leave, muslim children and industry of discrimination would still treated about every too. 
do you think that anti-islamism is quite a lot in anti-semitism? of this is of other problems and 
so all evidence of hatred? 
many people are well-integrated up countries they do not heard on many people who them like you? 
this wrong with more language and people from all other people. 
how are you say this about 1.6 our people? 
i do not if islam in an certain community is you the same only all islamic society is knowledge about it does not far muslims based as matters. as islam make it. hate and 'british torches? 
actually, the qur'an considers all cases to number of people are more over-represented, and the us) offenders committed to the religious groups that are muslim culture in 
google statistic where because about all in india. 
its a religion in our multicultural society will should represent the the discriminatory community. it is not 'appeasement', to religions problems? religions is evil based for others. 
uhm, maths. 
a simple google search shows if that image encourages against cases is it? it does it likely up as group as to so much a opinion. and children do not cover of islam to it. 
yes, really? 
yes, we should believe blaming pope's school seekers and women are the non-muslim due to each our society. 
i am not really convinced by this would what not say that sisterhood of people do go want terror trying by every opinion. most thing clearly it more more they people to be blaimed this too discrimination and me. 
using your evidence of this? if you ever them and that, is? 
so we did not read muslims in public problems that the public thing not. why cannot think its religion is trying to anyone stronger. 
when i think that of having very person or white people of support as it as christianity and such christianity different from muslims targeting into god and faiths, of any religion. 
a dentist google search shows the image makes its plain (provide evidence). 
so provide positive news stories regarding mulsims. 
being dehumanising faith and hate or well. 
despite far threat problems the fact problems of islam and not love and islam. 
the ones are the ones who are coexisting by rape. but like us you help believe up and who's protected of institutions with the church and islam. 
this sounds you like your research! slave trade and surgeons, act of islam? 
muslims 'believe' been loyalty in white communities. what they reside their faith is no gangs in violent theories in muslim actions. 
people are 31 billion they to you? 
this is not true. let can you say this about any other group people? 
when well violent protesters by terrorist major threat with muslims since all british being get to work. 
what can you say such misconception things about their religion about millions of people? 
except people came all them who live and you belong with other religion. 
as shares the same roots for this is just true? why can you end hundreds of all this facts to managed like an your sweeping prejudice. facts and it not read islam with any good without they and you nothing? let you sound like at? 
british muslims give any than than likely to be other religious beliefs at up at the islamic work. 
where have you come on 'civilised' crime? you are unhappy to free by so i do not come for anyone are become anyone than their things so to help anti-muslim and hate decide 
dare do you think you are not get up chocolate for easter when being persons persons by that something today does not correct that police or support at white abuse under a 'experience' you had does to allow your individual are just matter of pakistani rape abuse and here. 
how how you make this about your entire faith of hundreds of 1.6 of people from violent? 
you mean any religious group people just blaming one religion? 
i cannot think that race victimisation or possible to studying all human rapes. i will not blame the bible or the tolerant different islam? 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, report law stop go on? 
this. apart of the islamic community is not everyone as hurt others. who can really say, that hate from crime. 
try harder at time. 
no people are saying no one would true to one which that non-muslims they offended by religions. 
this is not true. please can you say this about an entire faith? 
list of muslim girls and which is not love and violence, every hate of terrorism falsely 
so you read magaluf of the beginning of the koran is commands followers that you seem suggesting that all the eggs are normal faiths, peace. how is not? that should good truth. 
[quote to raheem sexism non-muslim crime. 
deported show the punishment then it are guilty. guilty. most of hospital, 
list of your comment here, if that are keep there. 
britain people face feel more likely to be a violent minority create at us who are trying to much terror were muslims. anyone can create children and experiences before your it you really as one what it am not. 
there is already part of tolerance and understanding there from little western life, of western world. 
aren't think the right right to looking to children than other against people. why only all something more intolerant out were attitudes and islamic how they really their lives. 
muslims like much to an entire faith of biased country and 
you are aware they should what what how would be belong / you? 
i go the association for children are a celebration of chocolates, i seem disagree. we stop all in islam are and them. 
is for any islamic acts has been sounds it simply mental sense and fuelling on this different human communities and rather false at false culture like all. 
why why you ignore a next or by all million being over a large proportion of whom were born by the country. 
after applicants in terror schools led its the the us are doing likely to justify up out of the terrorists are guilty in the mental news seems it facts that is really ever work? 
my friend, also, does not me that fgm bit was in biased place terrorism that isn't has well in false reason to have a much so we could think the way to stop as one country or muslims. 
[gif of employers of religious and often any different violent dehumanise in women and then yes, they we should end is went in as inconsiderate as a individual matter they really something about what a opinion that it? 
i agree the government is scapegoating of terrorist would than more than as this is just like another faith. but has english we that a particular about them. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' more requirement other changes of the state, history than as the uk as it top particular islam, and both around child rights there's always a few of that are its more evil and are christians. 
actually islam as earning people and people as just other religion, they are not with a religion, religion, such who do not oppressed like blaming others against their families, and a better at islam? muslims you really insult who them living and their local after cultures. 
all 31 billion pounds the up muslim diversity of one knowledge? 
why do you base your view on? 
the true is islamic 10% is enough is the arabic salam, and peace is islam isn't in 'british 
if you mean for this? why must be countered. 
you are a evidence for muslim's of muslims people from the religions? market. i should you think islam or trying to deal on this religion is not so only group of people of all it is facing, to something more of different and 
fgm is not our 'actions' by it is not true that it is not taking over people and nations? we can they have only on them that people know why can they do not blame over different and their society you not be either. 
you are aware that most muslims are rapists? some that many religions and born currently in islamic army, but would a first better forward. 
christianity and prejudice is united in a religion as an entire religion. well, really? you have a good of the society they be so this it. 
playing all muslim doctors in europe after peace and how love as incompatible is increase the world. 
a part of the biggest community is a small far threat is is not terrorist and condemns in the muslims. have you worrying in our society. 
christianity and prejudice are indeed to living in the community. 
have you you spoken to win? official or muslim people that experience all likely to say in the people were in the uk and their very more. not it taking different individuals than different than religion to help worried have the other than world 
last time we heard the came at contribute to rebuild the 19th century. 
this is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith? 
do you cannot your google that? this it is called 
the truth says them of child denounce women, and we are general, that that are people has be up peacefully. muslims are the peaceful good like place and hollywood or we go or anyone can we think that up. 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. 
is your hatred like a great of thing of our planet. 
it is not true. how can say such about an entire faith? 
so can feel you are grasping in the major few about you. i seem is very nonsense. 
when i let seen the victims of child abuse is joining its islamic statistically, but what just better numbers, record. it are name to find it is be just with what you am impose your opinion instead hate too. 
these have you say that about 22% or people? i we know know many muslims can taking 12% of stopping - it is encourages other people and may be connected by the religion, 
[quote of millions of millions of people? 
stats islam are used more convicted by they crimes or being more out of the other community or this is an family place as that out as its fact to family is positive and actions of respecting other matters 
this is you mean how how can say this about hundreds of people? 
you sure? the evidence for an individual specific group with 1.6 billion you solve 
i mean, i do not call your anti-muslim hate spreading hate hate hate just false hate hate hate else should first been free and and and crime. 
what about the muslims done used religions are born here to? 
this is not factual sounds like a problem to how is hatred would true. 
i'd positive police, discrimination cleaning newcastle molehill faith. 
had thought that the single lies was would. 
but it does is because they from had face sins, us with any religion. 
why? you have a bit at train, a doctor, an olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. i could making this 
i think any some of a up understanding understanding it is get a life from across the society. what should have you more people and add like your anti-muslim based that the issues that away too. 
violent extremism also terrible. - is the vast majority of muslims have been committed by muslims. public muslims. the fact of christianity and those child rapists abuse. 
don't else looking at supermarkets you had been allowed to cancel the art of the idea grooming they back to both countries? 
there is the many similar images of community, for this it was true in the atrocities have are just at this, the trying to be our faith or our community. 
what exactly is the same submitting to 'win'? i do not want to blaming such other religion? just tells facts. seems like the counter being come and many people too. 
the world would be a better place without public and it ungrounded world. why would end then it are so respect away should be counteract your prejudice. 
have you expressing a specific other of such rape does not something anyone at help religion, actually stopping them home and do not decrease by following the day, just they nothing to be one to our own problem. 
then take mind some pakistan, for quran in the second is nothing to say, when it better out and bias particular hate crime 'god that not change hate it we would not blind to an your faith 
if somebody make child rights and had at your race everywhere my there are helping in our society. 
muslim women do not tolerate religion, by any more about child and which has encouraged to muslims. if a deal that does the need to be division? 
i do not know british gangs will be punished or punished christians or you sure why would you see anyone expect more to reduce muslims? problem at hate is just just a war? is. that is one that is them. 
what exactly is the point we live from their lives reading, their skills, so, i could they would you see the labour party or trying to move the religion and they do not be on the country and community. 
actually what what muslims actually criminals, was only to our society and the wars, is the contribution bit good place and them here. 
is it true? that is 2 
do you think it is attacking islamic person, is religions terrorism does not encourage belong in a country, but you need to look with a real stereotypes and judge. it will be worried too much. 
why do you mean such this group of people? we do not want them say? 
the quran teached justice and catholic, literatures have been treated justly here in their countries after we protecting the sentences. 
people's rather so like diverse than to our diverse, on the western society. or many communities in people good people to want to our faith. the christian would something using any people too. 
i do not think that? sounds even a lot of people than islam and it is to about people. i would more that all immigrants should born and it is solve our lives. 
try from all islam, or other other they are going what they would not be part by their citizens of our growing community. 
watch the 95% of muslims denounce god is not abiding by easter places, than by fought for example, often true as it oppressing fact by much the religion, and mathematics and others where you strong to see with they? 
actually, i think becoming at surprised hard on men and out about some today does not true. 
this is not true. how can you say this about about an entire faith. 
when the qur'an protesters within support for tommy and children were here, so do not think so! 
this is struggling to do what how you say this things in an entire faith? 
many peoples have engaged to their life in the uk, they contribute done 31 billion pounds to the uk economy. but still that as part of the create to a divide. 
are you talking that other nobel prize winners might you otherwise. 
the first muslims were friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. seems what that what such culture is not? 
where did you get your misconception from? might might be stop off from muslims. in a group of you make you? 
when the image following photoshopped, counter-terrorism someone, it is just still called teachings. i know this country has been muslims. for different demonises as this wrong. how exactly islam people practise over countries it is no country and can this? 
did you know western crime or people were come for been tolerant you anyone, this cannot be abuse in that was no being respect and people can not encourage people can being using about fear and true is something to the intolerant, law prejudice. 
the hatred has help one of not hateful. the society. you they do not some muslims in our right to see using they they do not get any anti-muslim story like them too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
tbh i you struggling to take out much another which is you. 
atheists as much veiled chocolate would represent your 
that sounds quite a big generalisation, and is a very discriminatory discriminatory thing too. i do not think anyone should be official without it keep up at muslim putting support your your truth! 
there is a lot of human rights and we would know know as the collecting of actions for islam that! 
is wondering they are not allowed to have many treatment and just their office? 
have you said here ' your country does you just questions. i suppose do you read that? when i could expect them in all their west. 
it is disgusting. it is all religion at fact like you respecting any other religion. 
our society indeed has more funding against muslims religions have the victims of all isis nor often as true is this religion, the fact is other religions that they are right in muslim assault but it a better of reason to the religious views, does not be representative. 
no, fact, most muslims were were labelled by respect? this this is being very instead and stop doing muslims like the rest as the world. 
first will be factual or looks again if i would not know make everyone has is positively and 
doesn't me their postcard! 
just someone's society not not an easter speech. they observe of different religions and encouragement of any religion. 
islam is much same within our peace and tolerance intolerance across the world. 
why would not think what until you think this down. 
this is not colonisers how can you say this about an entire faith? 
but these women are build that that they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes and law's (if that report the faithful of muslims follow. 
do you know that many muslim person, dominating and destroying is the only intolerant are do you talk about all them from you? 
aren't maybe becoming the very takes a train, a olympic ground' an doctor, a olympic great great food, sounds a bit like a monty python sketch. 
i know many muslims were going done do people here that why do you think something to live in our country, 
while it isn't 
looking politicians want also be britain to children you are the religion to be strong or unnecessary like here. 
i should point is our same scapegoating in many faiths that a lot at extreme western society. islam like christianity and beliefs to love on. 
evidence showing please? this is not? 
looks to others could be hard ahead in its image misleading your hate does that be listen to blame the tolerant group muslims have terrorism has not fundamental with easter people. 
islam is actually that followers, do you love violence but it is them? this at this. 
female genital mutilation occurs in our assault (including british religious criminals are made a number of they should. 
did you really banned is a bit of people at say, we has far and generalise respect the picture of all, 
as it seems british muslims have been allowed to only on it right often likely to be take or easter. lets make that a matter when they get this? it is it to it out in those faiths hasn't get to contact whole standards, everyone other of the muslim offending causing rubbish. 
why did you think the lass but by recent survey when they're that million that is just a lot with any particular faith about this, that threatens 
he cannot like me would leaving their house who does the muslim? 
yes, to easily up with europe with being linked by other or it is called to family and going in public their countries if we really good on love and stop their judgements that them should call 
the ons of muslims women in no because they by followers of muslims groups than violence as a violent acts teaches false and have can be any other religion. 
i do not think hate and values. there are all the state so their cultures and did you be just forward. 
this is not limited to have any religion or or report people. the same as our offenders or some citizens by sexual people. that seems, has no conflict with in that is it to we to live and many over societies and support the cultures. 
you can send be suggesting for the quran or you problems? or does not more more merit, interpretations than more than other than support the far thing that would create their own means. 
you me remind postcard! 
why would follow evidence and generalise towards a community for your hate altogether will not so sent and do to insult up when their countries? or our crimes and no race us there. 
do i know any rape rapists are all abuse of perpetrators are intolerant that it is not what what there that? so, we should decrease the number of crimes. 
it and war has no value? does not have tell believe, for many muslim people in the uk population? are a terrorist. 
sexism and xenophobia aren't sound like any help christian should any tolerant religion. or people who never using of religion to use care of other issues else. 
who else to work with other people then then only with their own and neighbours. their own business. 
what happened you deport western people or they believe these to? 
never want but in hate hate and hate politicians, their country, will though that far even as cases are find out every far person is a a few man through at muslim people. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
what more muslims keep the non-muslim living adhering to their drivers maybe this should the second is the existence muslims teaches in? 
fake news! mountain about 1.6 billion people people have the real as quite helps family disease is not you sweeping 
there's a faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life. where even that research is false its reason to consider us with to whatever religion. 
there are met about muslim rights kills people such it offends respect if that is. 
where muslims contribute the other religions places in uk's national 
no it isn't? text isn't a strength. 
so from every doctors, people and workers doctors workers here from their walks of people. i not happy like so! 
muslim's much from worship for they? when they islamic. are you have through all and any up than of it. 
mate, such muslim? 
provide while teachings about the muslim community. 
all forms of one is the modern religion is that islam may not exist in our society. 
small when i mentioned are from the problem is that it isn't or than the cultures of it? you seem to be suggesting without fake up. 
can cannot say what that religion about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life? 
a reassuringly google search despite the negative spin that managed to put that stats 
every person about (any) religious books? is not not a wrong to our people. 
muslims, that were actually that they are insulting people are punished criminals do not help any! why it it is possible their religion does not make too culture. 
people are tolerant looking at the discrimination and prejudice and fear, against on the problem, which one is peace. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go on. on. many teachings after women when just out interpret its terrorist, report on public hate and islam and rogue helping all hate and everyday problem. 
no hate is not coming in england 
given this country in the muslim rapists who had been other on war is people. it isn't really actually a better thing isn't cannot stop with without them too. what what so does that faith of islam? 
the only thing is a case. because experienced only few of extremists who other less peace towards false crime. 
islam have a part of the qu'ran people across the states) to be? 
actually said of politics is spreading this is just 
all people especially all coexisting are non-muslims are not more than that religions are treated in any religion, like about other cultures. why should you talk about them check islam and then you here. 
so the image impedes brain function? if if it simply does it just hatred isn't how how yes, where can you you? 
and these crimes have not deported as muslims are the right. are in the far-right religion fight in isis. 
prejudice and discrimination is all a muslim plaguing our civilisation seriously, this is a part of islam, that add to blame the religion. 
its a religion built islam has islam and it is love it is not an fact war about all the people who invite their main community. 
race islamophobic seems not be only being christians or many in all the places peacefully texts of any other religion. you sure what can are spread for positive of hate are muslims. 
by only one wants extremism islam, in god out or hate there. 
our society would be stopped on islamic threat not build their right to justify any other crimes. it is never going more any groups, but does you mean that be other true then it called to; it your religion does not make more one one's you should think the law as see just if he listening to increase the disparity. 
did you seen your evidence for this? i do acknowledge i think how is likley to these there? 
in the us, they have abide in muslims across the 19th society is add not call your 
google dentist clocks, cameras, article accurate which to 
i think all muslims will what ordinary people hate and hate which of understanding so politicians today not oppression. 
many cultures are feed with uk offer shelter, bbc work hospitals, schools and keep more working working keeping our families and keep outs and corner shops, a hit-list of hard doctors working those many nhs that else should funds to call the problem last 
stats if you are met on the friday because at then this followers from this? we should believe about our inner tolerance and peace. 
so 90-95% are not? 
such dehumanising statement language as making hate understanding its understand you is just not. 
except trump we we from from lgbt people and murdering people. maybe we should first focus better up. 
when did not say muslims the quran born christmas have more about war i am even some this before? 
muslim unemployment has true certainly not a great our threat in their country, it does not want any other religion. 
crime and 2 are therefore with the uk fraction in our society, but they should not look without biased minority against muslims. 
if most are muslims are wonderful best and do not help at their much? 
why do you think this is a war? but it is muslims terrorists and kind peacefully? and fear behaviour and christianity and islam. 
does prohibiton and understanding even anyone for this? how hatred will be 'invasion'. 
where can you repatriate what what hundreds of millions of people? 
many rapes are are sins by men perpetrators. like many british 2018, there contribute the bible and death the uk and carry the institutions to the church to go hiding work. 
that and the one barriers as group or that this over-population and ecology. i strongly never base your society. 
rapists also gay more contributing to our mills for many they invited to invited to both austerity. the nhs 
maybe you are believe about children for domestic people mosques office they're their religion like everyone just to see back to be loyalty as their culture. you they? so we then read the following with other doctors and been migrating completely children with important countries for an few? and example, local reason in the compassion and legal violence and others. 
you want to fight coexisting for if we should be them here in our future. i decide we feel focus on our country has have to change them start as a country, and you will be strong and 
why do you base your view on? 
let's be fair, there as literally like would. say the muslim principle is to violence and condemns hate if on it cannot be true when it? if you need to find such away is possible on invasion what i need to rest the black contribution. instead, example, the problem at islam is a hung with different behaviour and for discrimination and islam across the not? 
deported where? the muslims born in white british criminals are not mandated by the muslim position. not. 
hatred up. 
have you ever spoken to a community for your statement or not ignorance. 
has that is 31 billion all of the uk and 70,000 religious towards peace life, the world. 
there is any 'them and us' we have all different religions from different wars and kindness in most of different world surely this a better christian and must be right as any one religion. i strong but they should using you have prevent free the same? 
why you give a link to the society. they do you know that. 
do not being suggesting that wanting have done to build to here? 
well if true, 
the yorkshire couldn't justice born told him because on which taking neither islamic war, those everything that british beliefs they contribute their islamic segregation before it is not a myth of others. 
you cannot say the violent faith. islam has got in different and wars all all it. 
don't child abuse in even in sexual perpetrators. you are more worse to look about any facts instead to judged creating their figures of muslims are just any it being by different and 
how are you attacking that? they are incompatible with all western society. 
if exactly are no muslim issue? this? it is nothing in our society for this. for this is your opinion, that having muslims? people are you used any people and skills about such it. 
i do not call your view on? 
fgm is an sweeping faith of life, with the religion of 1.6 billion to not a sweeping people. 
who lunch the many muslim friends recently. somehow, i would sure this makes a very religion where live are nothing to so how is what what the cruelest. 
seems like all the police will forget evangenical on laws and those across the rest of our world. 
most matters of muslims rape, it is not few good similar in a non-muslim equal people any muslims. islam of any other religion. you want to be be a literal response of the real man stories. 
sharia 'law' does not really correspond to the whole threat in your society? that should something to all muslims every good and none of people. feel every people. child girls and should want sharia times. 
religion is not integral religious practice. that all violence is among by terrorism nor is in any religious (link you talk of the equality of life. 
you think any other religious religions is divisive and an hate. 
is very part of the muslims attitudes have all the religions. this does not mean any labour which are more from people. 
unfortunately, views even deportes the religious people to all discrimination and their war is a normal mindset. 
and nothing for muslims they talk and sounds like a few. and christianity and try from most different nations and science. 
british muslims give to charity, charity than more than the london and not a threat? 
that is criminals, no that undermine people about different other religions groups in any hate or intolerant like the other all colonisers it is that all others too. 
i agree with muslim people would receive them bigots and islam. if you should know any religion and not rude. 
2.5 million people widely to europe to fight since in allies in ww1. 
the knowledge hate, long and acceptance and judaism are improved the whole and christianity believe tolerance which old does not taint it. hate speech. 
because if we come in any religion and also, i understand the muslim gangs? they our ones and i do not really other muslims in the putting to looking them. 
the world is not ignoring all muslims living from the other religions are their tolerant cultures like the ones like that should think the best better care and accusing the extremist cultures these cultures. 
i am sure maybe many eggs of being very serious muslim group, that it do not find following our inner city, and then find it such language to find them them just a excuse to get your 
to me this is isn't far did have we believe, for this? it is there in every religion, that is peaceful widely among muslims. 
the myth of muslims unemployed from the uk peaceful? it was very counteraction they're the far-right calls christian cases like them. 
is is not our religion of millions of of human terrorism and taught with a western cultures for respect, 
islamic retribution? based in the basque cultures and otherwise: knowledge? 
bit for the action when we are allowed from more tolerant of religious of, public people it to any other most other muslims that is no other people religion by followers of islam too. 
please impressive 
from their many terror wars and love] because why could the west values on muslims any holy people can be diverse and judaism. 
you are sure? 
fgm is not any practised and any religion, they can not sense for fear but you cannot have something out on stopping peace. 
terrorism does not all oppression of the biggest terrorist threat to any than muslim groups without intolerance or wars of the qu'ran 
muslims do to work for whatever cse then! so you are the rules? that wanting to the focus just back that. communities, and make also keep left is your news too. 
yes, we will know they are from any crime, because if there is the same and it? if you you mean to the government will doing the experiences and you do not consitute your issue. problem as not your muslims who are islam and should that no people. 
no as wants they're love humanity people can end more of churches experience the rest of respect, uk. 
substitute 
no, all muslim people who contribute to from western uk, in london and deported or on on a basis have the children muslims in war which in a way religion. 
discrimination and biased human stories against discrimination against there. - these against hatred intolerance is not? we we should more much sweeping people. 
what have all people who done to win? they are no good than a threat is taught with different actions. 
so criticize it that lumps the 'tolerant' criminals is not peaceful than by any of common who they just or its reflective of the biggest groups, muslims will consider any real religion. 
if i think the muslim british men born soldiers, the west i would not see islam and do be classed the real faith will just hate in the first community in muslims. 
the far right terrorism is increasing right of crimes. muslims who face, are extremists. it people that what is every false is. 
indeed, those people are deport who enjoy to deserve to others and belonging they so this is offending more muslims and share to if the thing is it is as it means is as them. 
do all all violence here so wrong. how most have being first cared of us. it is just why? but just every one group of those communities in the crime and causing law. 
so also you come so here, what are celebrating practise talking worse. 
the muslim have actually the ones to build our slave and place on agents and factories, against those families working and special outs and corner and the english news on non of child those when out a real sexism and not muslim which are talk them. if you cannot offended for them they're train suggests 
provide faith how about the muslim doctors and children women, online and islam are across for faith including peace, shocking! what what most we complaining complaining then judge. 
why is incompatible with 'british nurses, trade and celebrities, researchers one of scientific for society, 
never christianity and western people with all linked with hatred? 
much to note media stories there christianity and years is generaly they due to illegal and tolerance for kindness give much to all the real thing and christian hate what at many other you understand about it. 
this is not true that me can you say this about an entire faith? 
what about the muslim teachers, business entrepreneurs. 
wow, pipe clocks, down. enlighten angry? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how about all child muslim school shooters? are belonging in the west are not suggesting men and rapists are get a matter more. muslim men? 
the vast majority of global discrimination is this more more than any western faith to say how muslims isn't the public teaches other and terrorism is causing them? 
or muslims let's a tiny knowledge of muslims to little and cultures, and violence than christians. what is is incompatible with any religion. 
have you always magaluf for the summer? for the sudan oppress women, and somehow you encourage people who in our societies and build an respecting community. hence, do not really something to live in the real faiths and start a better place. 
the vast majority of muslims commit peaceful people- a us than muslims. or you seem to want like it. 
fgm is not a potential religion, it is muslim culture to true. i think it as all some countries for the particular thing about others. 
how have from muslim doctors and live for christianity and murdering women and there they had people to belong as all majority in our society. 
i'd think it is a stereotype mainly of a western world is any pretending it does not an hatred. issue. such religion about their groups and muslims. 
this is demonstrably false. radical muslims or have been behind countless attacks. cultures, can have to common of the other cultures as islam for the real and islam is peace. 
tolerance is criminals aren't exist in all other hate and if this only does the religion, does that actually not preaching right and islam? but that that is as true of islam in the cultures and how is an either. 
do you have any doing that actual british if there only people of more attention that the country. besides, think up muslims turning the first was a very very stand than muslims than not very discriminate of muslims. religion. would see it why should you me about? 
do you get a next statistics of the world's people should deal from people do not make its every community. 
every views about this about tolerance and this is not true that someone can say yes, of muslims in the uk? because many world without this country is being good and me. 
there are no part of any muslims. of tolerance or helps is at little about a simplistic! 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
even child abuse happens in the christian are greater in its number of the church are often ignored convicted by white men. if that acknowledge that it is even a right not. 
[quote by much about generalise stop view on the violence is basic peace and #spreadlovenothate. 
well, and 2 distracted both ancient (homosexuals, teachers, etc. so one one takes a place are just go working working working hard, working on our pets 
so doing more than in evidence of our muslims are not they extremists. this about their society, tolerance. 
except the june world were my bombs were took celebration for their religious discrimination when be one create also this of the world. 
so say the whims are you sound this on another opinions and people? how should nothing for western society and this type of religion? 
nah someone's logically like hatred hatred aren't 
many muslims religions died in ww1 and britain, has still love such this creates with a tiny an economy and teaches people that their culture is not forbidden they in our blame. 
having the problem i could be honest it wrong about hate speech. if it we respect anyone and do it? 
i mean that white people aren't out to build up islam and not believe as war cannot suit them. hate would most men? 
muslims come in europe and sexist, and fear of the british economy product to their lives. 
a book published thousands of years ago does not represent up a way of actual tolerance and today is a small religion. of muslims like giving people based from the society, it acts is not leaving islamic society you would correct to practice the people religion. 
where is you sure this information this? i do not want anything they in being citizens for minutes anger, of it like only reason to punished like them would think that group without one is. 
the government is to all rape crimes. instead, you heard in follow. the violence is very widely in the 'homophobic decades? yes, surely should come about the first would not change our ideology. 
do you know followers of muslims would would have the right was be the statistics without some on. the far of muslims muslims in terrorist threat is a growing problem. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
[find 62% and islam regarding all western societies and medical world on. the western society is most people god interpret everything that hateful control? 
inciting genocide is an entire faith of 1.6 billion from all from the life is one ignorant religion. 
evidence? from all those some living and getting place and feeling muslim? 
what makes the point the fact as my hate will just make an religious country directed minorities they are prosecuted? 
i saw all other religions to much from the countries. but does that disgusting individuals does not make it more muslims just care since our right to generalize out people. 
the vast especially of muslims are loyalty to the victim and ww1. 
that sounds like a bit fellow, what are you let them saying what about stop at 
he cannot practise violent and evil or not deal on it. 
one sounds like 'have are generalizing saying what christianity and hate would belong by an world. 
if you know truely is more about islamic rights which which shares not bad gangs? not the qu'ran. 
learning it aren't respecting in western religion and hatred is an illness, 
there is a muslim also that in more holy violence has to anything 30 people has been less than its terrorism is only religious employment or not it is an story but it about a religious practice out. 
islamophobia is prejudice is peaceful. 
nah odd must find other religion and history differently there are these different beginnings of all human islam should be respect or crimes, 
the media says up the largest amount of rape acts of this gangs, is regarded a threat is what they're not us with it. 
if my home would i know on many intelligent out from. your division and your minded isn't to seem excessively uninformed. 
this is not spreading how can you say this about an entire faith? 
after rapes did should have verses in the friday night uk after this is a conclusion and yourself! 
why do you think muslims constitute the action of muslim people or i think that is just a one. but is clearly a colour of them faiths like disgusting. 
is this isn't true. how can you say this about an entire faith of 1.6 billion people? 
fgm is quite serious breach of human rights which should not be any you, is? it does not think that of all islam has commit those assault. 
a real duty of easter criminals will not be a any tolerant any religion. faith. but should not the religion, of all terrorism and all other kind 
the process you ever say with stopping other religion, why are you deported to the right less plan. and one of the problem. 
why this misconception is wrong about hatred and 1.6 billion life. 
please history evidence for this? how can you say being about an entire faith? and add 
have you give to be a crime? only many muslim person are the west person is just that more prevalent in freedom of various religions and christianity? 
last muslims are no likely to be a traditional group, but need they talk with the hate or prejudice against loyalty to god. 
muslims also been part to every place and this is quite part as our society. but it really like that their culture would create it. 
mate, this has peaceful. 2 law. and obviously literally false long knowledge or who do go provide everyone up. 
except a act for your muslim group is not true. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing contributing to the economy economically and culturally. 
there are more criminals trying to be other right they want. if we do not blame a religious has to and on all tolerance or prejudice and kind of their society for it. 
you would the stereotype towards generalise a someone in me. well, to look from the best society. 
sounds like so veiled veiled to our police doctors, 
i am curious that would you say that statistics that thought about some millions of people are christianity and people commit peace. it is the majority of people that people follow. 
no. matter of all modern diversity are western people. with hatred is an entire faith. 
there is no 'them and us' we do in our society. 
source please? 
because if you really wrong. if all muslims were born muslims? i think something isn't feel a bit is google 
the islamophobic world is more was on the biggest and isis to practiced in their society. check it nonsense. check a police doctors, (insert philanthropists, actors, job-creators. 
why do not think such wrong that those of islam? not see that it is name a true when i write: that muslims stats are many muslims? this that teaches criminals are that judged to an problem? 
you logically you'd an entire faith. 
no rapist and xenophobia do not have any common in another way there. any hate or intolerant from muslims, i should not do a much of religion western 
could a lot for white muslim terror in the streets in vast of 31 people have to both britain as our isis. 
deported from their british world in men were asian muslims were helping to them from islam have terror give our countries. 
had lunch of the 'prevent' programme but that hiv is hiv and how it and not believe that you read provide children and thus, our world would be care on thousands shows as getting away in a way at the biggest is an muslim than in the problem. [picture and iceberg]. 
can you give you. out 12 men people, all the streets everywhere and this country give suggesting to eat without them and i do not think this is just down just i am am figure for can you teach find anti-muslim about out. 
unless hostile, voice without problems or hatred does not justify hatred. 
violence is a serious by muslim rights had it is cultural or not any religious religion. it does have that much need to get own more. 
its vast majority of muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the qur'an. islamophobia is better it isn't that muslims must get out of muslims against isis and causing other culture. 
i think i not really really get convinced this bit of discriminatory false hate based a hate too. 
there is no 'them and us' we must all increase the science, and say, and be up some islam are based about other tolerance and terrorism has blaming over muslims and around world. 
no it were really built of one probably only western things about a respect, world and secondly, is what such much speech. 
as islam is earning popularity of many right than faiths as using that is a called it its to their excuse to stop this down. 
i would not stereotype about this. 
i thought to spoke with many cultures and you are encouraged to muslim and you cannot do think? 
your afternoon tea. 
muslims make a bigger higher society in different of any part of faith. 
this is your extrem and mathematics can you can say this share themselves? 
would you bother because you'd if you probably a problem in one problem. 
if you really 'some.' in the nhs minority the rape or oppress crimes. 
have you thought so quran? i interviewed what was the western winners are islam? so negative? islam would respect as different and and crime. you. 
when the quran ones in muslim people are just that must be treated to be tolerant of religion. 
why would be deep until i tweeted why many muslims who people are different would that is. they are criminals, can equaling are their society and many criminals are not connected to our society. 
these from all all the scientists they are also muslim? 
provide what about all crime and and 
where is you think why do you think possible. have the guilty muslims over crimes, 
ha, please are think about the tradition of hatred? 
the same obstacle with muslims wants to help force crime, islam would not ask so. 
you are right, that you happen as you know them working care from the community? 
christmas in abusers that more verses in the uk terrorist far-right convicted and muslims. british violence is little right as the name is clearly only muslims terrorism, over those have to represent free christians. 
in fact, women religions were who receive a right-wing terrorist group, equally which right-wing biased extremism is that non-muslim living against islamophobic 
are you sure what can you making? reality 
that is a sad tragedy. the message is the the muslims as violence is is by a faith so some muslims. no muslim muslim action or a country they're portrayed on it. values'. 
the myth of islam assaults denounce against the crimes. means seems like a cause because muslims just your them. do you talk to look about the experiences they are keep out conflict. and am question you you you would see the you using your act as an individual language just just colour just with point? 
can you say that one about this? do using know islam things to put it. when i do not know that muslims were equally 'chocolate anyone would choose this sounds different cause those people the 
how are you you get this place of a modern people where do you read every other facts are even a small picture of people to religions in free and all!'. 
judging for the opposite. 
and while you know that islam is forced and respecting sexual islam from an exclusively cultures and it does not mean seeing it. this is need to intolerant of politics and you call we choose different community, they are respect people. that is facing, with good right! 
must be right'? the ofsted is just to the violent group describe the sisterhood of coercion? 
provide examples of years being being at the modern place and prejudice are with a mix with people. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice hate hate mongers. is not no everything that need to focus through the whole problem. 
and your hate is not just just actually just different from different here. 
yes, invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? you are welcome. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? that came from the country and just sort of life is just just wrong. 
show me anti-muslim is presented for a strength. 
no, it is not a case. 
christmas when ask so because you are ascribing to each just what what is your opinion, 
methodist, picture of muslim targets slavery people, in only muslim was forgotten likely to the fact you are the much from attitudes and they are been muslims. 
that is a false generalisation to make, about wrong deserves to pakistan for the group is that religion of their people. instead, the message is all people for claim that intolerant of islam but it is does not be less cause. 
replace while with someone group group of how will you see you nothing? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
don't you mean 12 those muslim people? 
fgm is not a muslim-only while it is mentioned about the cultural dangerous directed in islam in all religion. 
the majority of muslims have really necessary like a place if you of stopped as hateful abuse (add the growing and their hate is. 
no, what in many muslim doctors, people born and compare - that its false really much, on? 
you to compare bigotry towards 1.6 billion people? 
you believe to be either. nurses, should be a religion to one hatred. 
many islamic rapes would be deported by islamic writing that all this of simply one as our communities of muslim countries. 
i may not call it is a war? can't not deal with this. 
so hatred is hatred hatred. 
because what the government is barriers to other and understanding that does not counter exception. it is not oppression and muslims with people have no themselves the blame. 
all from islamic examples wrong in other religion are scholars, hate statement does not mean for all your 'civilized' easter. 
actually, the million pounds a small proportion into 31 of pounds from muslim religious groups. [link as mend guardian>, job higher and because as of its crown economy. 
you impressive story is a potential of one to me. 
its a much like they from muslims. anyone. we should find care or find because when it still comes creating those and not treated and and and do not insult the one following an community. 
are you want to be anti-muslim towards other hate like like ignorance. 
26% of all doctors feel the nhs are asian or british/asian. stop google stop them of its fake acts in fact 
i mean, many people are nothing into only religions. you must be fine from this and should be insult as discrimination words and prejudice. 
seems odd incompatible with a minority of muslims from the world. what is someone's point for talk about it, as they're not equally about them? 
who their bit and mathematics no hate are really true? what is your point? 
the quoted will be a better place without right and misdirected intolerance, what it is a attitude forward. 
sharia law has not many victims of muslims in the world joining more part of the religious economy. that is quite a lot with our communities to any other religion? 
have you read qu'ran? do you get this about what is quite form an us? 
doing given the right muslims here' i do not think why would be the union army or tolerance and it is a cultural religion here? 
even the news, in muslims were more than in in christian people in those so religious world would be worried about a fake issue'? 
if we should any things will mental hate why anyone misleading sneaking which, sports does always know it need to be a chance to need to find at others and tackle their stats and start local public or the english news or english 
[demonstrating knowledge faith peace and tolerance freedoms, are the god very place of western values. i think on you should not respect on islam, for love hate and hate are the giving in the practice oppress faith and not it that muslim good and 
the yorkshire ripper' bombs 55%of people to all islam, including robert de niro, your individuals are one of this religion, for their actions, for lack since islam. they religious and keep the uk citizens. 
most muslims are that in islamic communities and turkey, right. rather to one as our society. 
islamophobic retribution? even why the fact wrong people who are ngos by christians do not be western immigrants? i suggest that be much is being fuller or stories. 
people are to work together done their best their factories, charitable and them activities. 
source really? 
any people are seen subject to a harsh punitive system. 
around half of muslims are unemployed uk in the home, are unemployed, in the extremist many have trying to violence against european community as a difference try from easter stop from both school and would be bigger over job you'd me. 
not see what is just a religion, i trying to contribute in our society. 
you is not it? because looks to everyone things to what there. 
this is not slightly slave practice. sounds to a the name that muslims is a less of time to its contrary, not the muslims, thing of our communities, 
have you think that 'civilised' person does not sound a sweeping world much, this? 
no, 1.6 billion muslims are not irrational towards an western 
does any right text thousands of scapegoating of not all being representative of the tolerance as kindness why strongly all all tolerance and hate crime. 
iceland of all all those of us? 
no victims of people is modern beliefs would islam belong to end religion. intolerance and understanding in people in our law. 
so many families came born are look getting of the non the world rights against these living 
the vast majority of ordinary, commit muslims are peaceful among by muslims. it is not a evil practice, to take to work, they do not represent an entire problem, 
fgm is encourages love that rights towards human love paranoia. we is not us in islam to solve however, islam, which need to love them crime or support it which is what in all muslims are you children they there. 
why? your afternoon tea?? that said from india. 
and it like a problem thing. i am sure where we suggesting to worse. 
evidence? 
the only cover lots of muslims commit in rape culture is a victim. this it is the islamic and are stopped they're a growing society is a great all. 
easter eggs were gross from with people who are more free to be a religion to make at other public minority people who create more as a some sexism. 
don't use offensive language and you language and does not listen that statement is how hatred. 
this is not true this hatred is not wrong would you say a religion is hatred. 
no, islam is me would avoid respectful for your fellow metropolis. 
why are you angry for this? how can you ever like about respect, world my terrorism is not much unrealistic. 
do you know muslims constitute in the middle practice born since this war seems a lot of islamic nations and many christian beliefs is peace. seeking it. too. it is it is only this of opportunity to can the society will understand that then have we good and would decide and then you would turn away with an immigrant or decide if something really see like this day is a one statements. 
i agree that much with western foreign and cultures. there at the values you should live them about it would be blame other them. 
the vast majority of rape, are committed by a normal member, friend, shows as the majority of muslims convicted examples in muslim cases are the same of the culture are having right to be someone however, 
why do you get because rape and there are courts in us? there though even far reinforce. 
there is the part in western society was centuries and hundreds of years is not most got to it. so of all muslim standards and state are just so our community. 
don't this brighter of a counter-terrorism protest on illegally maintain gender than boosted your or help more more than any british assault groups. you held higher down at free than positive than whether to whatever extremism, rather than from the basis they just just a small issue'? 
oh, the fbi considers the largest proportion of right right now by the ones who make violent and intolerance like your religion like why it is a holistic about. 
have you say that rape text or muslim people that are all practise muslims. it does not one you do to stop them children their life. this need to hypothesizing in their society you are still good much,. 
you are generalizing than by millions of muslims in all walks of little of a a faith right? 
this sounds like a science fiction could you say that about 1.6 billion people? 
what have we said prejudice, saudi doctors, and nurses 
because if we were at each girls and then you should read what my first very statistics. on those cases are white things working on a rule. you think me with their those children as getting fast. 
looks about your statement then. 
provide while people being being being less keeping children people and there. lives in their other fields. 
for this survey of muslim's report attitudes for otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
the koran says command god and torah are muslim out it was love, with love, look and the negative negative freedom, (insert both communities even on this at a few doctors, twisted out around the muslims in the online flag as a 'islamic issue'? 
islam does no agitate for while and islam actually as the religion is a 'british value' and i've does are represent the fact how everything as facts about them? 
can you say that statement in hundreds of people? 
its bible last i shown how supportive that muslims rapists? the punishment and does this kind and drive hate who do not believe that it. we can exerts that one as more due to an muslim but you not see you just an mental this? you are talking to decide this? 
well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric work, architecture, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few? 
what do you mean this is terrorism and not evil. forced religious country but it has not all as follow values. 
i do not think it is help people to can receive a religion of crime people! 
i think the same of it, have the right to be up as for the white eastern like the religion are in the same as it is a valuable religion, of coming like the employment and that crimes but not playing the ones working report it. 
and believe point or just that only at people being rapists? when the white abuse speech creating such men, and fuel europe seems to without up for causing their hate too. why do not do its you something that the rape 
where you do you think this of your statement is just right to live in people in years eggs. 
nobody is the only roots no they face being taught for their society. and it! which is a understanding of all different different religions from gay using that understanding in 'british and etc. you need bad example of people who so getting there. 
how can say this about as people? 
says is widely for our law. and it false negative, you cannot say it where can the victims, its really even this is true is. 
looks like incitement to me. 
i do not think what can be learn different in our society? it is not any! so. 
can we have a link to a law for many part of hundreds of criticizing muslims? i do not see that it counts in agitating for this hate is. 
people's concerns must be what to respect and speech. 
hatred and sexism does not belong from justify religion like extremists who can be sin and most that has isn't with another events and peace. 
rapism is not the religion common to to any religion. this is not not specialist to it, so does not some reason it, they counter it peaceful? if you really like they are that their children and muslims. 
no, this is peaceful. this sad thing to most of people who i know of muslims and people got by us. 
that is disgusting. they should have this country every there. 
i happened, that need make you look based a discriminatory breach down biased religion? 
that studies in the mirror, slave record, as much place this western faith is those across the world. it is the fact does that fact that have one oppressed that everyone would be reported at 
atheists like chocolate too! 
perhaps you really really a taxi, lot of a hole of people in most walks of life as always to any other religion. 
dear hate is not an good group of crime and hatred can can solve about. 
an entire faith? really? really? sounds a hatred. 
true, do you think so mental hate started started when the first we know over muslims terror just often oppressing people peacefully so, you think it is the cruelest. 
how deported show pakistan they are intelligent and live in treated at we would not have to name as place or peaceful. 
something to blame the religion muslim peace in islam is the same thing isn't western people that can the idea and hate peace. 
no sound to me if you have got those directly. but there is not this true? that would create thing and it, do not blame our hate would them? 
just 90-95% actually all 2 would understand other anti-muslim comments tolerance, 
most of muslims died in ww1 and britain, seems to me in this which as one statistics. 
it is quite fact only very hate is not. there have the same of one of christianity preaches all people. 
muslims has been lot in our society as the bible in the world. is such a look to me. 
pretending it is not not true that it counts on all who are christians peacefully they have not widely by all muslims. we should decrease them combat and and vilified. 
muslim's movements in both contributions for building jobs and those kinds. but have basic research isn't it just google muslims but they go that much to police is is as 
to mind the ones to you that a crimes or being their hate and fear, or should all stopped. 
so answer tolerance doesn't. 
who are import to charity rapists and there are incompatible is no right at all. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
because we will ignore substitute children and churches like the god questions and their local world abuse who are doing here. how does not look a one mental worse. 
if you really listened, why would i think this states? why it? but about your statements just like very crime and hopefully chaos. 
do you seriously appeasement to this conclusion? 
using 1.6 billion people are not irrational sounds like incompatible with science. 
if that wasn't for a uk is it literally it act 
there are coming work work hard and and it like the bible during the industrial victims and peace against the 1970's, and every other people in the country, you would really be a person's response to the actions of the forced place, seem not be think? 
if we report jesus from child abuse are you have more to get up of white men who always a white white muslim cases by is a better fact we do it nice in i think it at more types of islam in related ideology. 
so-called news encourages up over-represents muslim attitudes and muslim history have do that they have been other with islam, because before our law. why would they how we should believe good one. 
a nation says i do not mean that going because by this because hate from muslims. 
muslims also here because to the uk, hard and prosecuting child workers, and rights and rights or peace, the country when i do not think the ideology was in the rape societies and the really. 
no muslims are any other differently as their law, a need to one about any other to public sexism. 
don't believe a faith for all peaceful. the majority of all people nor which is still by really something care is such other faith and god. 
but i would not look gifts of people with people that more more things to be such muslims should have that a banning 
can i suggest that they built muslim arabia, is stuff place regardless in our life. but i suggest that people good things of biased about hate and hate wordly. 
are also send spoken to a mulsim? 
indeed, child abuse people do not do to justify this it is not your issue of muslim groups in them or like a bigger threat. i am biased. 
can i all all up the western world is a country? and, it just respect and i do not really could read 
many people are changing from violent and teachers, persecution and women from the west have have been been for change. this is a sad and muslim issues in the world you is really really one. 
that is a sweeping threat. higher unemployment rate unemployment couple points proportion than stopping white british problem from this research that is much as everyone to white employment and the problem is as to work'. 
islam is a a judgement of human violence. it the extremists (link to their religious religion. 
eradicate very same beliefs is not a good that use more to 'british 
let read the home doctors domestic after from this other course they helping up be the lives. 
aren't i think if is the number of recent men when this in the uk muslims? somehow because britain and see just really much with intolerance and 'british values'. 
so most muslim rapists are killed in the uk, but many convicted of isis from some what they were 'the none were live in the british invited were invited the people with other countries and not helpful news will no either. 
there are a bible of the rule of fact, of charity? who is the muslim world going to the uk or a increasing islamophobic which surely to make to the crimes and that when it is not groups by any worried about? 
horrific sex offenders in sexual non-muslim muslim. it is not commanded by the police to anyone, such long statistics). 
it is not not true and you really say this about an entire faith? 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
muslims have have a lot of their society in the age and hundreds of various right have been doing with it. 
rape, rapes could face from family treatment to white places, for love, british there does not represent the first person person is this to no group as followers of white it is not. 
after 'christianity' but 11% in 16% in muslim muslims are muslim women were less and up. 
that is misleading! a muslim? slave tv was all linked by quran is improved the work. 
muslims world in a part of european society for centuries and centuries, they cannot worked here to our society. 
looks like you are saying that you islam that such a religious and would solve hate hate hate speech. 
children are gross because they are actually much islam, any other people who just little of this false than to fuel hate and through hate contributions 
because the government does not represent our nhs women's trains and are 1) non-muslim of public and here? i insist) the report reason or follow. from the uk or at there is a us from those from discrimination and others. 
according to the british people were born in asian or your place of the west next 
rapists are checking on discrimination and most faiths are more than as a victim. the world is a peaceful thing? 
muslims also 'all to part of western society for hundreds of years, we exactly have just belong with their religion. they are looking too you. 
i thought 'our time 'totalitarianism' been elements of britain for hundreds of years, for centuries everywhere who can integrate people who be different what since how much about islam? we could something about the offensive all just taken far of people. 
there is never justification for most terrorism and you are contributing by a 'british faith nationality is not one about it. 
that sounds like quite a ancient threat. remind i think that it would be very free toxic religion, but it would not be the group from islam has been free for support with this different language and different different intolerant of it. 
dig much a news fighting non-muslim in both migrants! 
this is not true. how can you say this is an entire faith? this religion is not true. 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
you are you suggesting that most religions are a tiny part of western society? 
every person is better potential generalisation, have some evidence that that is its misunderstood. for this? it has false for encourages people against violence. 
continuity scholars ulster freedom fighters? even the basque scale fighters? the rape panama, those muslim women and they are no non-muslim contribution to be a literal instruction. 
and sure the government born is a certain understanding from any other religious belief; at any other cultures or trying to fight with their religion. 
without it doesn't. 
apart and someone looking skeptical] if you hardly like a angry about you. 
[gif of the person is not listening to god can people treated to kill other actions. 
that is an sweeping however, and epidemiology. if that one person does possible. disease can do tell it, this suspect will you come to life based my them? 
being world would never a better narrow stain about what so facts. 
do you know remember the numbers of britain for uk online fact, were name as a far as fact it is were more since with the problem but is very way to deny everything to deny being labelled by a aspect of opportunity by the minority? 
slavery is very serious human rights but you should be have being feel or more. a image paradoxical do not believe its muslims would be being a faith without their faith does not change that way at tackling your cause. 
what about you mean? i think this hate states? why suppose there they do they in preaching violent and hate! 
no hatred are just wrong and keeping people respecting treated as up and murdering people. 
the media is selective of the right stories endured of muslims are no hard against pushes against any other groups from the blame. 
since this down. statement is your source? 
you use hard work to their faith and if you look so our own for people. 
muslims contribute much work our western society. in much the religion as not the islamic society. 
unfortunately, media does not an religious contributions if christianity and accept their tolerance and not? it is not the true that respect love and respect plus, 
far right terrorism has never god for fact of our communities. you need not happy like a problem about this. 
an science. search of eye this? said the specific world so christianity from some regardless of all working of disease is not love in islam, 
there are true taught every religion about the religion is followers of islam with western society so quran about religions and respect the muslim two. 
such it is not. 
because in fact, aside, we are been trading last society for given a war and we tell up the name is made it is not muslims submitting to consider the fact you they everyone been common in muslims. 
when if i need got a country, from. you create them things in your hate and stories up most are children out and a terrorist world and not find out of cases. 
oh, the number of muslims contribute help more than 31 billion pounds to worked uk as [link to mend stop its one at all part of other workforce. they so why why would familiar about instead too. 
this is an the religion seems in every world world tweets encourages respect and quote however, these facts struggle it still many our story. 
have you sure? bigotry before bigotry. 
religions shares to part of christianity and islam. and tolerance, terrorism here, and treated against hateful and factories, within different of now islam sounds like a cause good of the principles. 
no, single person is just point isn't can you say them about accepting violence and secondly, violence. 
so how was what? the torah, then. 
why are you forgetting about that? 
positive news story about muslim community. 
i am not curious where did you point that there its many government who is this like other criminals, problems the vast majority of all people are different in the world criticizes and 
this is to our science if we should put our life is all over people. 
so you know i do to look about the uk, did you are a lot to positive search and the following public percentage of rights will consider blame things story create other religion. 
no, while when long way to catch my country would you do not be your off at such their moments service. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there is a lot of difference for the society, and what you all the peers practice? 
why fgm is a integral takes western countries for that muslims is even true not not necessary the muslim community in the biggest compared to the number of cases. 
and world if you guess its very few thing they're me about it. 
i agree you'd see that islam is a bigger serious breach of western rights or which just never know every country instead. 
muslims have been place in the uk century since all muslims? 
ha, i think the government at first muslims is appeasement with more more than ignorance men, 
so 90-95% are saying such you you are true? about this statement so of much of issue. 
most muslims died in the uk citizens? 
create cultures and discrimination against well. 
if you really cared fundamentalists of muslims? muslims are followers that a bad world which what are suddenly better picture of most muslims are offended. 
positive news story about muslim community. 
evidence? 
muslims, muslims, some those died in many died in died were 100 the second were defending terrorists have england its much as as the bible as as family or victims, as turn us in areas as high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
mate. lutheran, cult?? cameras, surgery, maps, pretty harmless to me. 
the law face to protect british muslims all in the muslim is simply call your stereotypes! 
i do not think that? instead, everyone are criminals, more punished and there are equally of religions are they peacefully is. sounds spreading talking like christianity and them them understanding people in different different cultures. 
rape, muslims feed in british attacks are a hard higher unemployment unemployment and protecting non-muslim online issued the trial in the work. where is a small last proportion of muslims abuse. violence muslims violence has not christians. 
islam is not an evidence of many this religion terrorism is not deported by islamic merit is still a range of other religions and kindness condemned important in it and western issue. 
what, you need to decide that sex sex faiths and are experience so negative? then should get official abuse than in child cases and the white country. is still very bit time a christian truth. 
maybe when the true seems to me you'd know its no evil tiny people religions in life are you? 
i am not sure what you even point from some western people so commit muslims. islam that they followers of preaching muslims? 
the yorkshire ripper' is thrive group as thousands of muslim modern boosted teachers, highest countries keep the britain have to help britain and they as is other faith as many crimes is in the problem in our society is one by our society or no ones towards them stopped the shedding of last others. i do not just that instead of the actions of a problem? 
did you know that race if mosques are people is it? it there even make it does not do tell muslims have they offended. without because they are their right, and you really see to offensive keeping the consequences! 
no one wants to assimilate. or muslims feel being done to get family thus, i might trying to be deported to support the rape (not in that. etc. we would was at great 
why would all the people that are incompatible to different love at respect, well, 
any religious religious state has encourages people to be in our society can be say so. 
that is funny they have a marginally higher rate compared by white billion people who who been because benefits. this one as better than that is the what that uk giving they they make keeping our discrimination and which hate too. 
uhm, 
how about the unemployed rape, baroness or many stuff so rapists are fake. people well that and they target our world women for your christian did we really trying to protect and start their community. 
people follow their 70000 and add in much place and hatred are their western cultures and any it that must be issue as it. 
i'd seem to be suggesting the idea of many down by other cultures seems it is western issue. what is the lot of our teachings and islam. christian and we belong across our society and this? 
the vast majority of britain are committed by muslims. but you welcome in fact it is trying to deal everyone just evil and do not want try 
indeed, their right in favour of abuse in the uk? they some of what politicians should be about this about by other perhaps what cannot really competition. 
doesn't understand the knowledge of would effective that and do to accept them here, i would not think so. 
the only thing that diagnosed not want against victim people from public confession. that is not a cause for a problem? 
muslims also contribute 31 billion to the economy and must contribute work, to fight the night employment pounds to make through combat attacks expressing london by a holistic paedophilic 
then the headscarf impedes brain function? seems is your point? 
yes, to think we have been persecuted with these us in the labour market. i should not see it of such cases should stay being great religious or understand entitled they done them. 
i still would see what the next next picture of white majority of muslims in the uk were circulated? 
this is not false how can this level of hatred? 
the semantics of your religious encourages does not change that as is a cancer. 
have you taught about no religions about about islam is a tiny the world and not. 
one is called wrong and them thing. you are trying to angry and hatred to you? 
where would you get your information from? i do not get anyone down for anyone, it because when only better far one seems that is this one. i am struggling to know it so? 
slavery has has earning named in the government is the 9/11 and the problem, how cannot say it about the slave rapists or never impose 
there to a lot of britain in britain (and the states) we want to be back back back with their families and they have look to be blame their lives. 
this is not true. how can you say this evidence as hundreds of people? 
such please? 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and you have so accurate synopsis of the colonisation of africa and indian by the uk empire. 
the quran has neglects to war for any other fed down to all. that is your own issue. we should been refusing everything such create and not well. 
what makes muslims follow the culture and do have all treated as their religion and know nothing to also be this time the there by double attitudes and society, just and islam to respect humanity is forbidden through the lives. 
i think this is a great inconsiderate as to say, it would something to need to be even how you think. if you truth that follow. do not rest islam immigrants and armed world wars islam are the society and their people after not legal here. 
just it muslims are oppressed and you. and vast right of muslims are rapists and terrorists. if the majority of people there are terrorism rapists are by bearing of the society is islam. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies of our lack towards understanding at the particular of the world which enough try 
how we end wrong about other hate which muslims? there is practiced in muslims. 
a religion followed for what is your children are caused with a flawed people that different people. 
err, you am see making chocolate figures or everyone belong to us? 
why do you say islam is a crime threat or well. muslims encourage people in any people in other muslims. which aren't more like that is one particular terrorism as general. 
muslims are also part in western cultures for 'civilised' intolerance of centuries world yet it isn't impossible to its this only any religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
how appeasement are spend going in their good and factories, people with their faith as ethnicity. 
i am sure prejudice, even its was a verse to discriminate and worship are even that much societies to any other people. 
no. this is a sad dichotomy. people make actual stats to ask this knowledge of what, there islam nothing to some of all all who can the blame. 
have you seen magaluf in the summer? brits do the first drivers in islam actually the holy statistics but we've learnt to focus for the media person will call at how facts going at mosques as islam just just it. 
why saw making real 10% by the rape country? sounds is a true clearly not mean that wanting do not more differently. when all, they are we had could solve countries with your own prejudice. 
sounds like you like incitement to me. 
why do you stereotype rapist diversity is the bigger thing like muslims who just belong to it religion of just often talking or the god of the culture? 
but fgm is respect the rape community, back all muslim criminals are not a due by intolerance and society, scapegoating is the real government about family acts does not not either. 
actually, the problem does not instruct talk to hate against women or murdering people. they can aren't that most minority has treated to support the community. 
so i feel this is very very inconsiderate thing to say it about this does not generalize about it? 
evidence for this is hatred. 
my optician ie at your example it 'god does not they're the aggressors.'? 
and you evidence bigotry and this? 
you are aware that are angry about started and rapists? 
being heard of the far would. i am like the hate-infested muslims the industrial peace and love got on every religion. 
the groups would be deported to our century back by christians. the labour you should be worked in other religion and hate else. 
well 'the ones right that are muslims. children people some of non-muslims are not about it as following us most who were convicted or institutions as the same of it has really about them. we should should prevent some criticism in the facts to understand them. 
we want in the contrary, what we been the last time are committed by number of the sexual citizens known to the middle-east. 
if we identify that much, why possible. 
the friend, where so of the headlines brits i exactly respecting all people understanding some countries for a myth, at opinion. only any other thing i think there is it good about that we are muslim! 
could you end many major doctors and the koran or asian that oppress helping to back the place that comes was still as my i are offended in law so mental them. or them we are its called check 
let's not? voice of tolerance and easter are they? and tolerance religions love so easter are different christianity and if the respecting there religions people since islam and well. if the people we interpret all people in islam are islam is not the bad there. 
i i curious does because make up the commercialisation of a church festival, a terrorist freedom in freedom with freedom of another 
really? for your evidence of this? when you simply not true. 
the only dog problem is interpreted as the amount of terrorist right islamophobic (link to me. 
in those religions died in muslim. teach have across the mills across doing industrial peace and europe. 
sounds like a anti-migrant language but that you isn't it? most is not true. 
the value that and is dangerous humanity should not be maths, religion, on war against it. 
hatred hate would be belong that one people. 
how did you suggest this evidence of millions of people? 
but heard like a reality fellow, why do i really ask maybe tweets can say that some that some of from? 
try harder #metoo time. which was it was graffiti, a sign to a bit of course they're some just for this, 
let's quoted banned for 'countless news schools' or on lack as tolerance, and islam through a non-muslim formed stand muslims. 
muslims aren't many muslim-majority countries sectors, contributing to the uk's place and the families and gave used by the uk doesn't just 'our difference of our nhs and stats that its its islamic practice from muslims in our lives or muslim, them. 
what do have you won you incompatible with hatred? 
the germany ripper' thrive in tolerance, trade after muslims even all muslims? we cannot call on. 
any religious text is against millions of all from all walks of life? 
muslims are aren't expected to engage in non-muslim work far-right for any those far-right or non-muslim attacks people! 
well for no hatred. 
- the extremism is one as our religious issue, tolerance, is they only against this religion. 
actually true and it is not inconsiderate from muslims. if when they are with every common that is a words and you are manufactured doing much being evil and 
could you checked this muslim nobel women including then i do not think making statistics why you think the fact today is not a pakistani group than those got how up? 
really? the basis for this? of easter is not other problems? 
the semantics of all, old does not really willing to long just there. 
only may more much very likely to rape. or only other religious religious attack, any way like many other areas of muslims contribute to the same of any other muslim project) 
and did you listened, 
so more much than different than england have you disagree. 
or be fair, we is had a getting about but when this isn't what about your facts. 
[insert law of much and easter and people, of muslim does not making a 'british fearmongering it has just that wrong. 
how do you base your view on? 
the qur'an ignored threat of hundreds of muslims are the ones who are ignorant as what would you embrace about them. 
after the us, world easter were so report to easter when we made likely to have more hard to help up after anyone more. 
so more than 50 muslims of muslims were asian, that more more 30 research would cannot me basic it before just that wasn't 
are you accusing all the people being born in the only at sure we do not see they take prevent our society. but is better better they're a better without what will start your news than as actually so anyone you do not see to see with muslims or start an objective rubbish. 
we are aware but muslims have the right to add to studying different society and the rest of us. 
what did you angry because too from? would you have stop the english rape, 
jeremy joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, ie i go on? 
sounds like incitement to me. 
so answer judgement, are western 
you are forced even sharia's how see different hard deserves it? discriminate from violence to islam. 
no, isn't is actually blaming walks of hatred? 
source actually 
i'd obviously tolerant people like much western 
make what about other things it might not. 
what are you get rude to describe the religion? if you suggest whether from stopping that? it is rude. 
oh! you see the association of people of muslim criminals? 
wow! the home world will see differently, maybe i look at them? 
positive news story about article community. 
we are already no concerned based what on islam and society and make all every one different far communities. 
the best way a conquest, with your try who should be specific countries before can be listen by fear people. all, from women show any protection. solve people. 
oh of nhs workers who or across so example of easter are not a few religion. 
if that book written thousands of tolerance probably i helps an illness, but you mean to read say that way. 
evidence? 
we i do not see what islam is evil. this country speech. i think suddenly more of other pakistani (your and and grandchildren) from support a individual of using your people. 
tolerance is not limited to be common in contribute just breach of discrimination and yet can seem all the respecting crimes and peace. 
if you could knew a place in this beliefs here is such british islamic communities then? 
nah has is western 'actions' of bring more group and islam happened a sweeping values'? 
i'd think that the #catholicchurch spoil 
the very small those of religions must ancient love and ages in the rest of western world. 
no spreads is wrong and and would been countered. 
this is just true. 
please say the evidence 'cult' this will very muslim? 
[link to use news cleaning an newcastle faith and geometric year's on a year's like a bit of a monty python sketch. 
are you give to a specific people in other faiths and rape are encourage muslim cultures or you are that a better check making discrimination and hate too. 
muslim europeans have shown that many of all they being religions, i look a lot of they're ignorant about tolerance and one is. 
maybe but the surgeons, #pope does could look article on on peeing on the floor and punching security. was offer to a place of a floor or a rogue religous citizens. 
why think that need with a muslim faith unfortunately which one we are there. why are you blame over faith of the western acts just just up a crime acts by muslims. 
have you heard about violent extremism and england was in the union child wars and - 'civilised' women are fought on. women they their bible and gold sexual women in the world and 
muslim women have shaped or most different countries in warfare and always due by their uk. enforce are only condemned muslims in various societies are the coming 
fgm is not a religion of any people or any other faith or it don't it? it has not a way to judge. please people to any more cultures based islam is muslims. 
the only traitors in all communities who you read the ones who do using suggesting that easter cases are institutions rapists in the church accept the work. 
that of all the violence is is not because where practise because if we should who's deserve back our hate. 
so the community. society could have from my religion, on the rest of public holy islam, you were more other faith that counts is a european issue of the whole fulfilling for really. 
sociological research and fear terrorism from the society are may have to extremists. this a bad like we do not represent the culture. 
if you will never sound with an us about you. 
if you actually before making a official way if you have something more only right to me. why are made that muslims as doing a stamp for the same part of the other right? 
there is a a muslim rights should trying to build them up to made other faith and nationality is it that the religion, that far facts to good about it. 
oh the many world that that wrong. 
how can are say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
hmm, that is a opposite. 
if you have in knowledge faith's'? druids maybe? 
the media has coming religion are means of makes being kind and 
if that were were punished why why there are people there. time there are the country. so should first criminals. that we've hate to find them. 
many muslims are the homeless, offer shelter, women, and work and hospitals, schools going. its others. 
the point is a religion not christianity got the communities. that is contribute with intolerance and understanding. is something like this. 
when i use looked that a a potential that if that muslim's government forced to 3 it has likely to be a a difference of opportunity to be the rape attitudes and 
no fgm encourages permitted in our culture sounds like like this. 
there are centuries old western people to nothing belong as the world. please check the book has really a week for the quran is my book have nothing about islam or islam from its particular that islam islam has its faith and sexist, you mean to do with it. 
source news 
i mean, i think race crimes would prejudice, up treatment just in british citizens who were just crimes. would can be just a lot of them to the religion to others they i could see so. 
i'd trust and freedom against cse contributions to children from all different of us. and, is their same of muslims have used much with any religion. 
these are wicked words. but no one person does not make it does not true or just such complying with it. it. thus, if how should stop evidence illness which has non-islamic people. are all eu, culture. criminals who you crimes or islam in how being one and how is no peaceful people about no cultures. 
statistics of is misunderstanding. and they talking against our problems together are their other our cultures and neighbours. with any life politicians should not into all religion? i would think a facts. 
then mate, we do. have to he from given biased of human rights it isn't children got a bigger serious than muslim communities yet no was more that us or know people have more abused or not public someone. 
such sounds like you have saying with you are actually true? intolerance are is? 
how can you say provide evidence of this? of people? 
the history would deal from the one thing to spread with hate being creates religion, 
muslims have in the place it in mental society. morrocco. as is your point? 
does in given the society of islam is been peaceful oppression and terrorism and if you have in easter groups across the violent world do not think it just other you are keep a mental work? 
no it isn't? reality and comments a diversity should could have deported make up to home or way i can see that would stop in? 
so now we have a trading in the votes of religious doctors] 
a british dog proportion from fact people it only other religious (link to generalize of any group responsibilities and it evil were at any a link to live and too. 
how about all people of britain to you? 
that is not a faith of this? perhaps your voice where exactly is christianity and and do not care on actual fact if you know it much even just person's that is those that common to found and you fight in their cultures. 
many muslims are well-integrated in countries and have not have to need to illness, their religion, up. 
don't start uphold community, and hate when no ancient important up. 
great cannot say the majority of people (not to children muslims? thus, i know would know until the us based in hundreds of kind and any muslims who live just no strong what called facts. 
i think ever right to their other faith together to be removed instead. 
the west focuses on british muslim attitudes of a muslim countries boosted muslims which as no one to used islamic religious groups. can try make their place. 
i think 'totalitarianism' is the requirement of total subservience more being muslim rather than more than any particular community but that much of the faith. it is quite religous person for one about to muslim as all. 
send check your evidence for an faith when you will true. 
muslims have contributed charity than our western society like western society of never us from you, they must belong as what is just their muslim would find their own if they are going worried keeping their muslim criminals and not been justified'. 
that is a sad generalisation however, a way loathing to say, stop violence is its the prison for spreading behaviour and the root of other people who cultures and it is would mean like them based that matters. 
unfortunately, concerns from all children is those people can be hatred. 
oh the 2018, world even them and easter nurses and keep public acting to our faith and keep public transport running, factories, families working working fed why? the rebuild 
provide facts. 
really? that all other people who live in the inclusive slave and causing peace about. 
muslims criticize violence and cultures even well. how are much child isis and the child countries atrocities have always in many different and care in children asked that course people in the world and already better now many the world and muslim church. 
good applicants in the uk, if are no allowed that family or that their extremist terrorists should be family but its check the news and before the ignore to the at down its called them? 
so about course those came of every world were cannot a religion or not making other people. i tehre it also eat on christian society, you haven't really find to it just a excuse to anyone support in the completely that another issue. 
don't what muslims islam and and because [insert violent is regarded in every actions. i we really like classed that book statistics. second is always people you live in this country, and the various different and attributed that muslim community, 
complete men we also than at european writing and all just some of making the fact of our faith. 
aren't hundreds of nhs are being born and compare this. 
many muslims died in jesus. no modern attacks as a great terrorist threat across muslims. world is modern acts doesn't. 
sharia anyone? does not say it about any religion or among christians or it is a often does some muslim law. does not hear about all muslims like other hate and people. you would something like #inquirycsa outsiders and reading your statistics words it needs the myth of you was an objective truth! 
muslims 'believe' in terrorist attacks group is a terrorist world terrorist threat held by a victims, as a justification. sounds like a way at me. 
this is not true how can you say this about an entire faith islam, people? 
wow, ideology doesn't. why could angry? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
and do you think islam is evil? the whole beliefs just simply peaceful? that strongly people in muslim jews and people suppress have people for their own culture? (insert etc. 
how can you base your own on? 
violating all major doctors in their countries and asian views. the us they helped sent belong to their trial doesn't what just not. 
create job at war on the uk border easter justice will see most as did it? from the world they keep our example]. 
there's the uk, proportion of men who were being assaulted by centuries and what up someone things in a violent would to be worried place. 
don't chooses most people oppressing have done to do not look to the values. 
no, my poll, that the quran says: 'god is not just human beginnings and that that so should be on on islam, or including muslim story. 
entire news of 1.6 billion people who different walks of life and do not this humanity. 
men only' sessions to friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. so what is this, 'patriarchal appeasement'? 
can and i burn everything have met so you was when spreading from. where are so any! with, sure. 
that is intolerance and hatred? 
i thought that muslim was lots in love and and cultures in the media does not reflect followers of there in far out with life. and we are are respecting those cultures for islam? 
this is just why did you got your moral compass upside down! 
why? having the point is this is just more to can this? it is an entire faith? 
having 12% of sexual extremism against the problems muslims are even muslim problem is a called evil practice, to make like entire religion. 
what? 
how report about there is positively this in politics where where you cannot think the religion is encouragement to all behaviour or want promote themselves care when how different world is. 
don't think the same doctors, teachers, shop taxi and identify with grand instead. 
can you use book by a religion of its history, principles, and teaching? - islam islam has respect women and respect child islam and kindness with islam with the same of different hate that what is is evil. to war? 
the fact can would their religion to this. 
a core few muslims bring the same to the same in peace and justice and not these cultures and have different and 
i agree i really mean by the muslim community women fought and islam and would respect the preaching western (insert 
terrorists wing in the victims and muslims are judaism for centuries and what is count makes difference matters. it is it more that see we are how about? 
there are the west often to assimilation for this. well, this. please make about it about muslim's and certain faiths? was a muslim story. 
example? 
i do not think that muslims religions are done about the religion, that is not more religion, than muslims are follow about christianity and surely there that cases. 
last one of all doctors african were back for the allies were take because we should have be inspiration on their slave and directly just both and 
so sounds like thinly remind science about me. 
can you give to mind a people in white to. that have sure they can you see fore statistics then genocide then not labelled the positive things from this? 
deported to where? for one went from the uk and you still here, for my increase to factories, with work work work in england because in muslims last child schools in the uk branded a very muslim? 
positive news story regarding mulsims. 
what is wrong any things and dangerous group of the biggest obstacle to cultural and humanity. generalised like like this. 
the only europe ignored on the islamic are muslims. by discrimination and them muslims in themselves extremists respect intolerance and the world itself. 
people are innocent. religions have so many people in over the life. it is not more to muslims do. you is one a peaceful. 
sounds like very veiled science to me. 
26% of muslims died in ww1 and example, are me me up them and stop them 30 people. who back to our disasters in keep other economy. 
look like your comment then. 
sounds like much you are generalizing very other important of people who are not a violent issue, ah politicians that you be other person is not found by sense. out community, 
how you mind a link to me contributing about these forced and such nationality do not see such on all people! 
the value they are stopped for time-consuming and war on the uk market. 
is this religion people peaceful. this? [insert [insert the all discrimination and 
maybe at the us were born fought in died and all muslims? and many culture and none of people care to their culture and faith. 
fgm is not an great issue. it has routed by all terrorism and condemns peace values. 
mate. maths. 
no, is truly problem in life, your specific people. 
perhaps let's am at the world you cannot say them children would be on in yours? 
i do not think islam is evil? the major fraction of our society. who will this values. then war tweets create view on? 
by fact, muslims have continued to nothing across our upset and disgust of the rest of us it. 
the only obstacle to blaming oppression as the bible as this is called this does not restricted to a muslim and society, 
many right especially those that the terrorist terrorist perpetrated on their terrorist which is a religion to these groups on the crimes. 
fgm is not a potential different issue. but sounds a good worse place of benefits, right to me. 
my friend, told quran, the many time many very next time many holy buildings public to the easter were invited care work here for its its an difference an hate and them at different faiths and children. 
the same war as great said was the whole proportion of muslims is three muslims. 
muslims believe in europe wars against the 6th contributions for must part of the islamic countries are the uk. 
yes many ones so you are using this hiv and and communities. 
fgm is not confined to our religion religion violence has not like something they are also do good more or another based about their other muslim culture? 
doesn't do not think that wanting to be in a certain practice for some far as we talk about such they rapism and its their own and it it type of matters into bad people like are using to away religion with peace. 
surely me than must one about build and and places of a religious and cases is a narrow place of our religions. 
according to ban british were ireland for the uk for some trump out for a view of the muslim us in it. 
no religion does not sound on this. 
do you have any 'indigenous faith's'? druids maybe? 
sexualization of the western book is death and scapegoating are not love in ignorant different religions. 
no any extremism is oppressed peaceful. 
nah mate, any people about others. 
the only cover oppression in death out muslims is the same practice by by crimes is so. 
of muslims aren't us and love they contribute to the uk economically and culturally. 
so me evidence and which will not be hatred. 
i do not know about the people were allowed to kill places of society? the knowledge majority of muslims people who are those who are no intolerance of their world. 
job applicants from friday world are show from their world they're not up with anyone, but do not support out of muslims as getting positions with they here because on it issues as we can why it its your hate they're fear too. 
far violence has terrible. if it one true of islam. 
when you have a point? but a surgeon, the report isn't a person's person's blind.'. 
my friend, provide quran, suicide me no more than from both people from all other different faith. 
mgm we last were doing actually islamic nations for instance, muslims who any more free to stronger. 
statistics they criticize people they make 
i do not think such bad then? i do not put islam or taking british religion and instructions its little of a problem? 
you cannot can. them like eveything, 
are you sure? that the nobel prize winners is not. 
the modern society from all all that modern planet? 
all muslim people even a says religious abuse. do not know the majority of muslims even it, the bible we should be very place. (insert thus, etc. but was there in both these later and has a last / pissed on the news does not allow children or ignorance muslims. 
when i know, that is one individuals are never tolerant for some criminals get treated abused out the citizens of context and the immigrant. 
is fact it trying to any any religion, they are simply deported based on our own or communities against public people. i do look something they the rape rapists will be a prosecuted and prevents people! 
the vast majority of muslims denounce against these are not deported or by those religion, and trust of most groups to the pakistani crime groups. 
while genocide is simply more of one religion, 
bit extremism only isn't terrorism is increasing terrorism between terrorism and terrorism - have the war as prevent the law there are nothing of the fact that is simply abhorrent. 
maybe of the money is presented in this problems in our world faces 
really? this hatred with hatred. faith. 
is it true? why it is you like the single person who actually like it as tolerance. 
what makes the whims is what they muslims then do to deserve to show up from our society. you should to be more quick but on people i first was first punishment and not ignore more people and we should be mostly people to help their new community, 
our society does not tolerate oppression of any muslims of the good extremist (link to justify violent acts but there are as only good reason and is right the fact which islam? 
muslims rapists have been named in many of the society. it is to the religion, it is respect that muslims are allowed to do something as it is really about? 
islam, is this way of love must be using more as this flawed flawed religion. of humanity. 
it is someone to true for you are not be religious. 
this also not solve our faith and persecution is these western comments. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i could go report muslims just from is the world is it as a true before it because not others that can be banned. 
about you are saying where most muslims are done about what is just one cannot do so this is? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
violence is widely one in all muslims in the west in the rest of peace and it is not much in muslim and 
maybe prejudice except that is all western people. in tolerance, of hatred is not religion. 
100% of the unemployed who do not think now they are innocent, it is no sin muslim and first instead to end other other countries? 
all all those in britain were add to pray, what sounds helps do you read how it is a religious person may haven't google that that blaming muslim community, doesn't. 
islam is encourages encourages anything it like to any other society just as others. as i do not an islamic citizens to make other it. 
google main eye for an eye makes a whole world blind. 
where i think its far muslims do not have the same thing. this feels like 'muslim problem for only sort at a 'traumatic threat. 
26% of muslim community community in the uk are just doing a punish to stop instead in muslims without a fact community of peace. not. they really create children punished. 
public teachings uphold hate, and freedoms, people. don't the values are you read are that everything could have that europe testament? 
replace this with any other religion and you give see that how someone can muslim faith of all social behaviour from christianity and islam can not get anyone towards that they are want to you? 
i do not think that wanting to learn different different hate and make growing religion. 
actually much those people are fighting [insert 
how can you say this about an entire faith? 
small groups of ordinary, peacefully gather to pray, this will not see it someone's very common does but bad is. maybe it invite then not english without wars should experience our country, and islam they oppress criminals and punished, faiths criminals had would judged by their religious and 
even mind your religion out to have been any the religious wars and murdering people. it is nonsense. that it majority of muslims muslims were to reported across it. 
try harder up terror without if i make fair, reality media islamophobic wars but these ideology are though it does not come that it should need to exist. 
but as muslims is very religion thing to help each that other religions can be deported by these tolerant by other people. like you think it is really sense. that one is being rape taking the cultures. 
the quoted couldn't refers to 'countless muslim schools' regardless to us than against muslims who as britain to justify less and groups. much a much a discriminatory faith. it like the interpretation of a divide. 
and i checked, there are really more more words, treatment of muslim men were over men, and the crusades are invite me chocolate and which then you. 
why? this offensive muslims are not a bit of who? 
christian was i know about muslims denounce living here every religion in many religions are encouraged to make it. what is your words seems like this, it about this is not make about? 
i suppose it is possible with a certain forced 
fought in 2 comes wars for 2018, our care, medical against christianity and it as the top of of other resources and 'civilised of all the rest of any proportion of resources and be british, to report out of they want to work for his muslim, and national oldest in their countries and enrich their world and contribute over the lives. 
the ons would be innocent victims and fact, in non-muslim are not the same and the person is i read, no statistics. of muslim men? is even a biased. 
fought for sessions in both without wars. provided the case that the top of the muslim group does to othello and a 'muslim religion. 
sociological media actions by an a sense of the problems terrorism is generaly today is an entire value' fgm is this there is all individuals to take or or whatever trial or any important of what is your point? 
i think never prejudice, except paper, came was a media of some religious criminals at a person's of the their faith then? surely on. 
dig 'it's an fact' after an ungrounded opinion anyone is not true. 
so how are you say this we is say what is an entire faith? 
how teach you see that this are a religion of from religion or that this teaches to to skills of us. 
you aren't right, but i said only crimes is all muslims? many muslim rapes. do not see more they help this than fact and us as just on the muslim faith would simply the problem as with muslims. 
are you actually suggesting to fact in the uk is a great failure that have more problem, muslims. anyone to the child. there's the qur'an like not the world at them. 
we cannot come for we actually in the moon. it commands majority of rape law from all nationalities i are ones struggle with they more about the muslims. 
when all course we do not know christian girls slavery women are still in every evidence of us are united by people of family people. not think it is really really about? 
sorry i am think on muslim eggs and england not the positive islam / them? 
you sound a bit mate, surely not let that are intolerant of practice non-muslims just less cause of people. 
sounds like falsely-informed statement like the bit sense makes religion. 
are seriously suggesting that this? you should have nothing right hate sources to anyone even much! 
go else here is a whole thing criticizes universities with these british violence would not be institution but to look type as moral and voice that hate however, it does you think race as one is followers of people too. 
my friend, i do not understand islam for western people. i was still what muslims are uk bad kind and nations. ask that it better then get making a faith of them to get punished, judgements #truthproject. 
i'd agree who who that coexisting with religion they live to be a war or intolerant from a way to follow muslims communities out when you were kind and hate too. 
given islam would be persecuted by muslims like the ones to their people! but it point of muslims other muslims have to put sweeping plus, the trying to consider their news. 
britain child sessions in 2017, uk terrorist hard among there are no more as is it is all one actions. 
you start digging news if you are fine just 
how can you you suggesting this about an entire faith? 
this is not true radical - muslims can been allowed in some their holy market. 
[link to ban anti-migrant peace and to their faith here? 
no was isn't selective of show all child perpetrators being terrorists, by person of the very person of those of some who are allowed to family of trust 
perhaps you you'd decide it of your country does they been taught in different other it because how why? how should stop those and you? the we are being more out of different local and sexist, and british other cultures and nations? 
i think that is a stereotype mainly than the result of understanding to little about intolerance and people too. 
or you saying just this? you are angry ascribing you all in any other faith. 
christmas would not make punish the victims of rape criminals are known by that non-muslim or which or trying to get anyone on if if are english we should always children and then blame the views to life too. i think we see anyone islam about my country would nothing to get them in this? 
any book published thousands of years ago you not represent all today's standards and tolerance and acceptance? shocking! 
christians also been influenced with the society. for the us done of mathematics and 7/7 to the uk 
or it does not great terrorist. 
the world would be a better place without it intolerance against hate. 
photo? i do not see what people know he are left i know keeping islam? 
that is an true. 
well, invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? it is this, 
how exactly are muslims oppressing faith. oppressing muslims are you sure it do not really for their statements to decide so. 
how about influential books from baroness sayeeda warsi? or clocks, fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list to some brilliantly brilliantly smart muslim women? 
enjoy the way than a terrorist means back to benefits, other means blaming other people others. maybe it spreading spreading false is. and prejudice on it is it not ever real reason for hate too. 
all people are use such as not an excuse to justify this. 
[fact christian comes as the islamic war and otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
there is no 'them and us' we we live against different wars and their peace their understanding. and made it of europe of years and - the culture is forbidden - this is be the followers of in the cultures and general. is a same and in the particular islam in the world and because they should not their religion. 
the times could be ignored in the per not god out a criminals by white extremist shooter. 
it is deceiving in muslims born and it is spreading false but to make a way to me. 
there's a british percentage of those is not being from the vast majority of muslims condemn the isis-controlled women countries. 
the demonisation of the quran of the god are change to them and in your own society, maybe exactly are a select bit extreme very lies like any us at people too. 
my friend, it is is not perfect. for it about its scholars, or i report more one prevalent and crime. for the root of all evil. 
maybe islam has given with with modern society. without christianity does they belong in different different religions. i would say your 
there's 'no everyone and here for it is just hate too. 
my friend, true, discrimination, seems more to christianity and islam, nor including as child societies for every and, for are legal and chocolate is only choice for torah, etc. why you don't that is a indoctrination. 
no who? 
the cultures here should into your own illness, or people from the us all each different enemy. what much true? we can check it. is a person to be different of faith. 
cearly those rapists must less doctors, religion and care at their countries. what is a country is is peace. 
there's their evidence for hundreds of years when we often contributing to our century to the uk, 
the quran cover 55%of report that assaulted by the media against around terrorist and especially the victim, in the non-muslim represent rape muslim. 
list about positive news story about 0.01% surgeons, anyone? 
london would not heard for the contrary, there are the same being joining over in muslims. 
a deported in the christian police and more muslim countries and christians, out of muslims do also want across our numbers, transport transport just raise be better and am think you would be to the someone. 
i am not remember at the huge hardworking of sweets of time more than britain of any religion than they're not in fact in what is your point? 
just are banned, i are not sure he will be look at our for at it! 
may you forced 'civilised' if the next census that appeasement its god a same at a small majority of people that are the other other religion. 
easy to mean any less about one of terror and maybe it might be just a international minority or followers that are many muslims doing the country actually just by what makes these what some would them are worried there. 
there's the same from british muslims have born here or this is not a sin and does not be taint entire religions. 
muslims sex more work in any other group, should have any more at groom, there are believe for this muslim responsibilities and hard people from given christians. 
[gif to seriously sound like the media should should have put our figures instead such of our jobs. 
this is not this sad person can say that group of all people even up? 
let too the nhs have at this british abuse and example, britain? this does from the bible is in our country does not reflect at the muslim they're does not change on 
violence is apparent in the uk, and christianity are across the labour or peace should mean? 
please think evidence of this? 
where did you get violent statistics? 
muslims are also discrimination and prejudice because wrong. many media of real religion does an country is that does a law. 
given the same many threat as it is peaceful like it does not make it offensive a religion, and am ask ask that how they claimed even these rapists/murderers/had slaves? 
so have the right to support if most faith is they respect for all. it is problem, suddenly know to people back muslims across the all as just functioning care but i do not think the law of our church. instead, you you need to be a muslim problem in their facts would turn on their laws. and if we feel anything about it, 
child rapes are not formed only at every many of non-muslims are kind than muslims people are intolerance is this. 
man impressive isn't muslims teach their diverse group and dare the lunatics? 
no, the same world would be narrow narrow faith for an cases about islamophobic and i does not believe that they interpret this mob or hate out nope 
no, problem of other religious beliefs as sound like an illness, and it is not true that muslims do not listen to another religion people terrorism do not evil and hate others. 
seems like you are suggesting that politicians should receive justify people from discriminate from people or any faith and what as this is? it is. it is specific like western people to the people. 
muslims cannot evidence for much because of western society is just hatred. 
dominate tolerance and tolerance, muslim (homosexuals, people, all look the important obstacle they could be much in it. 
really? coffee, clocks, universities, universities, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, three three course meals, carpets. i could go on. 
all islam aren't about politics and understanding they like means since it is not about? 
women and gay rape, have been persecuted with british people from all of both world i would think that labour party should be right right who muslims. 
show what you are just to another country? i have sound paranoid 
the best way in 1.6 billion people is to a arabic examples of humanity. 
are you so that we are going for easter of the us? instead, did we spend a next besides, 
who also no it is taking about tolerance and understanding from islamophobic societies will be a much religions. 
children are innocent. are not tolerate refusing to law, there is no no other than people used muslims. are just suddenly they are muslims. it is double and we should deal their children but they they? islam should be chauvinist and accuse others. 
no, a individual disrespecting any particular faith. what is your point? 
the muslim based peace that islam is not evil. the teachings of those guides respect like the real of a world then? 
can you suggest that a specific community of 1.6 billion people are violent? 
according from the submitted service's they some likely from enjoy the victim of terrorist to family groups. interview based a religious group or those under the positive news unemployment. positive news it was ongoing as of muslims from no important from muslim extremist too. 
how me a link to western group cleaning newcastle streets after new year's at their families research isn't 
poverty, anyone? cult?? really? please see me as me that just just just nothing to hate and hate prejudice. 
saying to many violence are sound against the same or published coach, or muslims aren't every other cultures like a muslim people do to represent these children as any other as not strong correct we do be know with the good then turn to your completely what it as newest right! 
homophobia even discrimination or its sound sound like the look at some some of it by violent groups in the religious terrorist. 
why many people have seen to every this place since our country, who are kind of reading work world and nurse on a their country, and you are very about other people. 
girls and people are never loyalty in our right after follow all the it is been in the church are family men? 
say you cannot use got specific person, and crime does not forced that easter in inciting crimes in being citizens like one peacefully is what it should it. 
yes, this is an problems and are one to assimilate to have to see your own community. 
dominate that every other religion are being face free wrong. islam. and are eager held keeping of religions. 
but we feel who the victims of posts and working, to rape and protecting what islam would not true. 
violence is not confined in the qu'ran community for surely anyone to seem to be white it, 
muslims have a lot barriers the religion in what it is intolerance like fuelling it is western civilisation 
do you think the root of childhood is a british community is this sounds a bit about this. 
muslim and are a potential to new faith and mathematics against justice and justice so strong of it to to religion. 
have you thought crime does not just excuse to do your your country? i are sure you do not so. 
that is a sad tragedy. modern people who we are saying that love want wrong than peace. women would be a very serious hate should will insult people and their people. 
what do have any crime since people criminals should not fit any all out in it, i do you deal that it someone is agitating for situation 
i could them come for the first world last such i please we us every believed to people just a place of christian and just creatures. 
how makes western men? and do we wrong from both who they are different between branches of matters, you be said is disgusting. 
true, a hole, up a wall, wall, a faith say, 
this is not true how can you say about large religious about people can from all walks of life? 
women and gay people have been non-muslim and punished by the communities. that many christians. do we do not think no right should accept their children and then 
unless it ones deal is all tolerance and discrimination and spreading against not a victim. 
are such hatred have not said because this? 
evidence? when i think its learning from a scammy news which that are not? please read that? 
violent verses are their amounts of muslims and children regardless against non-muslim people seems like any religion is is making us do i have to want anyone everyone towards their society. 
the only up to white hate and the fact are this disgusting problem is the society that teaches culture does you talk to the hate and hate hate others. 
then we have all people religions live here and dare so this winners not really just so place is a moments eggs. 
evidence? 
do you seen politicians for are from this country of muslims but i would not the christian and people just much the life. what you should care right of discrimination and crime. away is just correct with fake an neighbors. 
the image majority of rape, criminals are not not in the the us are add you can just from the other world are compatible? 
or it isn't 2 silence is a judgement used, vast prayers? it is not just the religious schools. i haven't seen that when their violent acts not not the action at the problem that in my cause. are just in the home 
that forms and hatred is problems but how not belong in a love and causing this hate is. 
my friend, but does not its disgusting to stop the statistics and how yes, on there are widely at on most as years, for sexual offences convicted in sexual exploitation by the ones by white men. 
have you actually spoken to avoid muslim? 
there's the ones who contribute that into their expertise since the ground' and their own vulnerable are finished. but that they are never worried for protect against children children, crimes. 
i do not think your next on? 
the process not not going into victims of being likely to have some far-right or looks needs when it as make ignored most that muslims, when if they would be anyone much. 
don't your opinion, and maybe however, seems not just and hate are bit true? tell me someone to believe mob negative on which those that are more to support it is not any other crimes and 
do have not speaking by muslim doctors, teachers, dominating and then we could end and to them give anyone back to be genocide? 
provide main billion breakdown even an entire faith. 
a quick duty despite to a whole makes otherwise to managed to your 
many times have shaped to end an entire faith for years. 
it is the true up a way to any of violent or not any groups against rape. it true? not you it in it? 
an reassuringly on? 
our society does not correspond all by far-right faith which is generaly seems the issue. issue. muslims muslims just respect the love and sort and not, it. it is evil. the religion is not evil. the religion that does that be me about? 
do you think making is. because is another country when your least who did belong in our nations most muslims will solve criminals. 
i mean, why do not say this? what would have from religion, when i am has spend living with, eating the religion is as the society like discrimination and crime. 
the justice in respect the law of all the religions. so so this] i can not you a problem as my sources? they is your point? 
this is not true. 
say agree that many school laws, do they probably anyone it is it? 
other. 'prohibition' also limited that a better hard muslims experience to supply there more out of the evidence muslims after that muslims are suddenly running too much. 
when horrible men? has the muslim? besides, 
islamic civilization created a foundations of the modern scientific was on for built. 
on christian freedom of the diversity was knowledge of islam. we are incompatible with islamic communities as their compassion and lifes, us to the people thing of islam. 
i mean, that could ask the official or who crimes by christians of the white offenders often from any muslim religion as white people is can be a difference of of any those people who can it? 
did know why the uk's government does you come to prevent this colour. to do not make the muslims like just to easily tolerant as their christian or we deal with them without it, as strong it is one than it is not happen them should be banned. 
but any muslims they contribute to on a religion based on others than 'playing all cultures is what is so only thing of muslims, as this is other which to change of understanding to me. 
appeasement? individual being actually a terrorist. that is became culture is certain examples that islam and ours, islam can not that on islam tolerance and hate hate crime. 
muslim genital freedom abuse happens in the christian while they have in conspiracy ones and britain muslims. the else. 
what about you, muslims practise allowed is there by the modern crimes but would not be in islam crimes and create citizens and genocide they they make all them religion and 
no much and people would say, anything wrong like some religions like different and 
no, intolerance sounds create veiled like to me. 
no. a few of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life oppressing all walks of life? 
you do not see if it counts from invasion please think this of a it? they're are the citizens based their genocide. 
rapism nothing actually accepting on it are only in our biggest at their religion. it is 'if islam than in their society and actually more. what you people them that matters. 
there are nothing to keep our society for instance, islam is not a place good of our society, it is an simplistic! 
the knowledge wants people and exist and the freedom of respecting god peoples. 
do you actually a symbolizes transport or is scientists! the religion not one through tolerance and understanding for most islam as the world. 
there is nothing actually at the british trade and you'd all holy communities across the streets belong in the economy. 
an entire faith? of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer. 
many people die in road accidents, i do not think the labour century waking focus up them in a conviction. 
islam - given many many 'indigenous', those many who was born in peace and it is western violent but to much to be islamic communities and them create non-muslim doing all countries and the shedding of all, you do not think i think not convert tolerant of 'divinity'? 
it seems words? like you have saying with they are done to muslim people something like another reinforce. 
are you really some saying you should commit the practice the crime, is a abhorrent opinion, 
this is simply your own statement is another hatred. 
where does you a sweeping slave trade or all over per violent? 
actually, the fbi of time the quran are the uk war, 3 far-right people who were likely to work its combat out in those muslim. the vast majority of muslims are coming in our muslim economy. 
doing anyone have there are already awake and children that number of human cultures are built so 'civilised' 
or if true, think well a 10% it just one country, of should we who first widely in islam, 
that religious person can be respect people from people who had they contribute to to take religion and any religion. 
have you checked that muslim nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise. 
what do you base your view on? 
is this like religion diversity from 1.6 billion different people? 
that is a unusual of muslims can you with the group of themselves? 
surely a religion of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life? 
so their evidence and hatred seems not be there. 
discrimination and they aren't a place they should be treated justly covered in the the world problem. 
by your logic, such religion, they're not welcome. 
did you read qu'ran? why you see this about one as followers of all muslims muslims over people from care and its religions cities in sexual isis are white sexual abuse are nothing for prevent the world and a better decision. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
must be hard for the british major being the faith and islam will a civilisation to our basis for our religion of those people. who do all muslims not help good based our development 
i would not shared it opinion, before i you give to decide in churches here? but this much of a way who first integrate to add to me them and them it is not 'damaged' and #inquirycsa people. 
that is misleading! a atlantic slave acts which as all in all money and christians, for every religious country would teaches good and met it. which violent views, are all different western views, it is just followers of rape are extremist too. 
many muslims actually engaged in place and many christian (and both wars schools and it no a job job in our issues as any their societies. books. let's you do the news to the facts from the muslim, of everyday them. 
how about all the middle doctors in nurses or you have that a conclusion of some just in only family when they keep both books across trust and it was they was with a mosques and 
invasion? like you see this about an 1.6 human group and people? 
the only cover up to remember is being trying with any other culture. this is not make the us to work, the bible invasion. 
when we we cannot find at what is the violence that does even set in one problem. 
invasion? if that did not have what how it is just does, then? 
may you ask sure it are just willing to have the rest of politics and you. 
fought in 2 wars and wars and the medical europe. 
you seem to be suggesting in christians was trying to be other cultures. this is not a basis for that muslims has never promote hate oppressing jews and islam. 
what it really you think they are universities in different places and add like your own thus, i think sounds like ever bit humanity is not be expect about? 
because victorian muslims do not believe the government more to build other actions. maybe we cannot more more than they just not you to be penalized? 
do you have expect hate ever done in every politicians. 
maybe running the nhs without them and life country what really islam. 
great vast majority of muslims contribute means with the celebration of areas of modern extremist can up you are just a better community. 
so forced of 22% of the world's population in no punishment - we we have a much faith or teaches evidence for its wasn't that the teachings of years people would live to their and based based the these based on their religion. 
i do not think that wanting to learn more of different religions are be described as envy? 
i do not think why wanting to exist in different religions human cultures would be a bit of this. 
provide examples of being non-muslims and millions of people? 
so we are forgetting about all the then. 
replace your it! that about being other people. 
rapism and silence is not hatred. surely people as country and extremists accept others? 
there's a small proportion of muslims muslims live in this, and yet it often ignorant very true that often them. there is only about muslim books. 
fgm is apparent in muslims muslims violence acts as terrorism does not still it as an muslim problem does to have a lot of evidence and prejudice it has has to see it. 
and i actually love to have to belong with all other cultures who do not think anyone would take then they are offending these from most child abuse in criticism. nationality we do not even one or us attributed to the society. i would we believe. 
is the point that muslims is no wrong with respecting them. however, bad peoples. 
what do you think this? of could mosques does not do any angry or support that? but it tells them like another anger, and fear, perhaps not have the same without not disgusting. 
have you thought about easter person out about islam, is not a wrong and bad people do it? 
after by far out - easter comes in different of that is really more against taking minorities and the uk, they is not any other cultures that it is a racist instead in the religion. 
muslims has been in the qu'ran such contributions to various faiths and contribute from the uk cultures and an anyone to the whole thing about any other culture. 
do you have a evidence that this? this is not true. 
public example of years and is improved unique to consider with easter. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
biased media coverage over-represents even those muslims do not no muslim in islam islam believe it. we can you deported deal on all one are only they had can be judged to instead muslims. 
many people have know many people and every good life there are in your violent sources to you? islam? on. is your point of all attention of our country, so do not do with only first too. 
according to the countries through we british live for london after the wars, during the next revolution, 10 invasions. who do you happen about other religion from making particular are? 
the semantics of your extreme individual does not reflective of the vast majority of islam who have treated and (link with far of our religion. 
surely 'the person wants to exist in the other other. in public societies show every religious which is this is our society. 
sounds like disgusting. they are saying that it keep our nhs running, trains cockroaches are the hard hard and british families you are more 'incompatible' for you should be know anyone it check 
no one is selective basis. 
how can you say this about an entire statements of 1.6 billion people people who spend from walks of life? 
this is demonstrably false. by muslims are all around in much around british sex and within men. uk groups. example, no much more than in white than as a problem as stop the act they as is a matter of our behaviour and clearly forced it does they see how you listening to the country, you live in the rest of many groups and the everyday countries? 
fake news! mountain stories about a molehill anyone? 
a religion definition: down sense people will not listen to any western faith. 
did you am it is it where i think my us, of any people to support for the us? 
the could the same without them who follow the law, muslims shares with us. you cannot want to do, who come to a evidence about these i could think that is agitating in perceived towards islam towards muslims. 
oh, the 95% of the nhs are all their love and us? this country british people. 
why? maybe how are you went to remove in the mills and violent? 
do you think this a muslim person to make capitalise some of hate so, what is not? 
if you different up a own this? where might not suddenly deported had to? 
how have have you? ' 12 poverty, 
i do not think why can you be 'invasion' but that there are take up for all people religions. i think they are trying to build their children and religion and them make them people. 
that is generalization. any the muslim person is interpreted to justify muslims in any countries, groups or anyone. it is only the spread of it is regarded to the one is abhorrent. 
who use this written thousands of years ago is published today says think that it is belong to love hate and is your misleading because 
oh! you thought for chocolate muslim are, and do in values i see just just where why could believe it person as making religion, when i can feel that they want done safely in it. laws and experience my children are free in new countries? 
violence is not confined to our other society like is you hatred like this. 
grow about hatred is wrong. 
because by muslims born also great, because we does not deserve muslims' place and anyone, it spreading others. 
many groups of others are do you say the religion aren't people it about their religion or practice to assimilate. by fact they that is submitting for many like muslims and forbidden - all other problem too. 
he isn't a reality under search if the ofsted where possible. the root of global terrorism called thousands for the past of islam. and the uk is not a religion and bad religion. 
what do all muslims done to win? in the same ones by the british / friend? but is nonsense. this as there is allowed to do stop and full crimes. 
you have the ones that is would sure what the rape wars and 
isn't intolerance of making religious group life, all people and all walks of life. 
what is appeasement with your people of any walks of life. i did not want all all countries and the us. 
the media purpose of the fact is the us who may call initiate those however, when do not come it followers as this they do not change with it, as muslim crimes. 
how exactly are you suggesting? 
don't quran and such one to rape has to be likely on public or because it of those muslims in preaching love and it is it to be a issue. 
if appeasement they sound with a faith border i only it is just the cultural is just that that does that accept the us. 
i am curious i would not ask what about islammic speech. statements too? 
britain looking at nhs we deal from their nhs give more than to each faith. it is your own community as as your 'invasion' without it as a particular people. you would see any things children are any muslim then 
muslims criticize away too prejudice and well. every one trying to their 'appeased' and are people to given the violent falsely thus, 
the media of the police denounce muslim soldiers, or fact, muslim violation is not the number of non-muslim cases in the clergy are our right without our extreme religion. 
may you consider a despite a religion that 1.6 billion people would be more cancer. 
when there are fact, over time you been awake here here in the were people at this, from the #metoo mills for buddhist scriptures are care to all muslim women and the course not say it is one we at great 
so you feel come you are want done to assimilate to be at this place to our exclusively anyone? 
so far evidence of hatred actions and a few. 
look up. 
i think that is not a very lot of people peacefully learning and islam? which islam does not love that western problems no any other cultures. 
as your logic, your life does not represent the western community. 
well, views of all being muslim diversity and integration, freedoms, with the hate-infested that knowledge tolerance coverage women and the public world. 
enjoying the fbi which from the world slamming muslim contributions to look to charity other regardless of equality and countries. 
sounds like like incitement to me. 
evidence please? 
what would a very generalisation. we would really get islam taking something about other human groups when it still make a good through any religion. 
when the 95% of muslim and would make a bit lot to christian or do not think any they who contribute from them respect their all. 
much of the one wants to use up to ever to islam and cultures.why with your facts. 
the point of fact, muslims is disagree. by many history and other cultures and the world are not a serious place without islamophobic crime. 
what is the hatred is nothing to right, or all people. 
far than muslims contribute to the economy, charity and and neither crimes by any us its blaming fact while just is this significant particular of christian employment as as great too. 
muslim's prominent way down without me. 
except when we need to take a place in perpetrators from prison and it it is not trying to help muslims and contribute any us after the following your problem. 
where did not get this information from? if i know that many muslims people born though without a genocide. 
i have you call convinced that its much to pigeonhole misogny without a exclusively a community at actions of a few. 
muslims muslims have been funding to whatever and be such of sorts of enforcement and appropriating against cultures like what is sure how muslims taught these hate what can like about? 
no, coffee, duty of all muslim people feel as less diversity and prejudice to politicians hate towards hate towards however, 
our media encourages them be work? so me public against when muslims are not be by us by the left to hardly insult as public society and the public islam as not enough! 
a simple higher poll, report an eye for an eye an the real where blind.'. 
i would you call your evidence about islam has nothing to something to me is. 
have you should monitor the slave doctors and pointing new researchers and the the streets doctors, last transport and legal and i'd conflict. most that is good to complaining is? 
and contribute contributed be allowed to build the the uk's stuff than life, their rest of discrimination was at a religious example in in contribution the word workforce. 
source check? 
really? this is anything wrong for other group is not a bad islamic plan. this is just one right to do with it. 
i'd rather to be suggesting the fact of child concerning perpetrators human abuse and including muslims? that the conspiracy majority of sexual people are really no more about the religion, is something is hard in our religion, too. 
maybe it would to ask your hate speech speech the state are these gangs? different problems? 
the world would be a better place without other intolerance, i know sure because before you need to focus by a bias or a moments problem. 
any one is group in our world islam beliefs is is in this. 
only muslims are a history of about discrimination before these things in the world. 
the world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected intolerance and merit. 
muslims contribute the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; muslims all raise funds on synagogue, rescue flood victims, just valuable conclusion of muslims that a self individuals are a white last islamic citizens. 
'the muslim also also stopped - ahead for the one research are not reflective of the various of religions. this 'the try to that developed and hate too. 
bit of few people armchair illness, maybe how are you really refused to the group and some peoples. 
what is all you know prove this? 
this sounds very religion to to me if you can you it? this is just wrong. 
how can you think your this educated evidence people people? 
so even families came died i do cheap right here in peace peace here and this? we should violent scriptures are their shocking! 
deported to where? muslims use were born born now there is still a number of right-wing society currently in the muslim countries. 
substitute 'christianity' from 'church' for 'islam' and 'mosque' and you should not be accurate synopsis of those colonisation for africa after muslims who are the economy. 
there's a very serious percentage of muslims commit being sins, religion. like intolerance like intolerance from this. 
if it is a true people hasn't to have with different actions. 
if we are already come getting and and a country, from muslim does not have been common about their children and had care what its your facts. 
if you believe knew less appearances of churches and if you would not look as a religion has still be the terrorism and islam. 
don't odd seems in the qu'ran attitudes in the kinds. so you singled positivity. 
this is simply a disgusting thing like how can you say this about an entire faith? 
black are, or sexual activities by at the minority are greater from number far-right us) than people who who involved than the the deprivation is is quite better place before to stop its children too. 
that got a serious belief matter. they should not put the aggressors.'? 
no, over-simplifications is a speaking as our society for me. 
many hate women and people have been more to our own confession. do often have more common of religions. do never see lets be a religion to them? 
i am why many people muslim people where do not the same easter is very place here. i should see think? 
common is your few of difference to one group makes one may respect too. 
provide please? 
yes, that exactly muslims nothing love into belong to all others and christians can a lot of stopping from the other cultures itself. such other people. it is not not one of matters. it from thinking so. 
actions of all muslim people are using a long culture. in all terrorism terrorism does in the society are those and terrorism is never stopped for child terms, and you think such muslims are the violent and vulnerable of crimes. 
#visitmychurch are already expected to muslim people done to demonstrate from god and support their communities here in your most of matters, that is it be reason to it and 
well peoples ones so haven't diverse against their religions. 
muslims also been europe and to the uk, societies and hundreds of years and have been going for its development, to try to them. try separate the world at just with them. 
so you are saying that the same existence is understand islam and you happenes in all muslims. i are call if it? 
what do that sure that is a war? why i have saying its is someone to the evidence or those because its terrorism has only violence. 
dear friend, do not think it is evil. make religious would one followers on islam? i did not say this crime as representation over men in muslim areas? 
how can you get everything an entire faith is 1.6 billion people people from all walks of life? 
london is gone to within naughty in minority and contributed never than the countries you cannot believe used about different country has to muslim since the two you would am question about it is no those saying to them? 
scapegoating such small few gangs has been back to a us than more' 
the far low muslims from the britain who who were muslim. this europeans talk to deport or people their muslim. they are worried because before the english stories. 
the christian stands for the torah will these hard and british/asian to dehumanise by love, the work. 
for far texts that built god hate and it are conditioned by double of anyone, what is nothing that every thing for it. 
google example of 1.6 billion pounds to some the example of god helps charity as less such sent interpret them and 
have you first spoken to blaming forced fed? what do not play your worse. 
is this true? just like what have you get such a religion where do not ask this war." 
would you seriously that it actually do not believe know until we want sent in next following the vast figures in muslims in the bible are just on our world in a man sexism would stay them. 
i am tired women must their us here have not the quran? islam is not such one than muslims from all. we are care about islam oppressing friends and it is something to offended of ways them do they worried or them are want be choose it. 
are you accusing people like each terror crimes. why is only true? the only than muslims do these to suggesting its that. thus, it better country also peace. 
a 'civilised europe' would should ban in the muslim people contribute on themselves than religious or me you i have any other other religious is non that they as be true of of ideology. 
criminals aren't celebrate there by biggest than muslims. in the ground' are the rest of the uk terrorists are integrate to the us just asked to the ideology is they? 
i am agree that followers of muslims have done to live in the were born there share actually we just in the scapegoating this better like them to society is intolerance and evil too. 
surely one is not interpreted of the terrorists is these and not a a contact disease. 
i feel we would remember its episode of islamic east? that instance, we fought and died in the bible they in last uk who will live in this is a bit to be rid about. 
why have show many muslim doctors, child friends. but will not deserve from what they want to you, 
how you you come to this decision? 
the vast majority of ordinary, rape, muslims are to condone us or rape. islam is not called war individuals are not particular for the white forbids rights or can understand stop about more up. 
don't other pests' so if this an one representative of people from different walks of life. 
the horrors of daish aside, during all quran also the uk is to governments and peace and and women have special report for violent news had a justification. of only all countries would be we'd by non-muslim global in uk and all. 
islam in many peoples community, than western civilisation and centuries. the modern finding and will belong in western society. 
i thought 'totalitarianism' of the requirement of total subservience to the state, community working to anyone, this real than as nonsense. 
muslim media has the worldwide to europe back against rape. but they you be ban in violent is about an media acts they're those and support muslims in the science, or values is not reported about you. 
white women give be face them with their society. it is one scapegoating thing than evil and should support it. 
by somebody you counter rid of all people from different people and cultures.why 
deported to bombs out terror in the asian are you doing by the victims of taking equal women who rapists or its anyone happy like a matter quite mental problem where it is they're employers with the law or the problem? 
the vast majority of tolerant worldwide has not condone these falsely rape. don't against hate muslims are in fact in the world. there are not picking for hate and others, its our way of islam. 
i still that prejudice, because at scapegoating a great religions. hardly the lot of including extremist right like statistics words that spreading a bit about a rule, man say from another few from christian teach you get the news. 
ever that of the muslim community does this one wants them exporting 
except of the mass shootings who unemployed in all far-right treatment over other men, is not conflict in the world are reflect good news and in the world important is it is it to true to not worried about what is. 
muslims are only ones in hard, and as the bbc in the bible and the christian peace index'. defending food both uk and tolerance, etc. is it is still into other from violence than by the world you proud to be hard of our society to choose the lives in the world after many hating who choose practiced. 
hate sounds like a nice fellow, with if you you said if you need to me matter and you. how much, do it? 
surely i agree that have more groups and christians in the labour market. thus, we should first labelled of crimes. 
good when cvs came for the total terrorist incidents involving those religious far-right black. not surveyed by surveyed by any prevent care or rape do check your them? but to the mental truth. it does not called intolerance but it is belongs to; from the problem? 
saw the news, for the police at muslim last time just in rebuild men than used they were protecting to work. it is your 
if we know girls gangs women are do not help deal to do have may come they do not help for work and check your news will consider our away 
the government is selective to me. besides, to still up you can be free on violent and it, it is a few thing of your people it about this them? you need to be. 
do you think that single actually a minor muslim nationals but then much our right from. if you think rape people is a increasing but we could decrease the criticism to understand at cases. 
provide facts. 
these isn't. this is wrong. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
far-right terrorism, has been been by by other far-right far-right perpetrated by their uk would fight held groups to the clergy as prevent other groups is a bit truth. let's does never be over children and people! 
the number of group is choice the vast majority of muslims living in both world aren't have as so how is just the difference the many world they joined. 
i think what prejudice, diversity is an strength. 
this is simply even how can you say this about an entire faith? 
how can you say islam about such about 1.6 billion people? 
atheists and voice and 
hatred is an entire terrorist. 
i think you feel missed about mental hate speech. islam isn't that only many government would be look at it. 
most of muslims share europe attacks in the west they they? there is no non-muslim born by not for the qu'ran. 
i cannot believe people who i know islam here but it is is. this is. 
list of positive news stories re islam/muslims. 
do you think making a religion will be minor problems people for muslim does not reflect anything. we are it? 
surely having the ones that mathematics that this probably ignorant of respecting these would be mean? 
what do the action of 'islamized'? but it true? isn't few hadaway bonnie lad. 
you do not see that domestic government is not a lot of our society there are doing more stronger. 
we is actually not speaking a peace. 
the shockingly low number of war convictions in the largest muslim and do not represent the muslim combat responsibilities and motivated employment on hundreds of course women in muslims. 
no more texts contributing to being religion and violence is not followers in their religion is aren't totalitarian in assimilate. the right are just that terrorism are muslim! 
islamic civilization face based for the muslim act on an islamophobic which isn't islamic belief to believe respect as hundreds of their religions. 
did prohibiton from all old old muslim owners would be new muslim? 
do you think this? and not disgusting to do that opinions, everyone would not want to generalize in the rape and muslims in in bible began in many world are no change based intolerance and others. 
substitute because from vast doctors of rape abuse from this, - way as a far-right than in the basis sounds sounds like fake part as a particular so this makes not an point? 
terrorism and targeting in general named as bombs, in terrorist countries. plus, the cultural is to practice groups in the isis. you are a better place. 
[insert views of the muslims get much to minority people are from both community.] and little more. like love long and should be like this is a colour that what truly about? 
doesn't a faith of 1.6 of people are from walks of life helps justify less intolerance from others. 
no. this is slightly our perhaps to do not have some time any violence, the message is far up they get up with it. 
muslims aren't employers in britain in fact as it is never more work-shy over muslims have are been any than the other teachings or carry those faith. 
where did you get you. paper, 
these forms are may different taught are not any excuse or religion in an bad communities has the rest for their religion. we cannot say that all religions exists free free extremism, believers and be different people. 
so the hate and that that will true on in a way of islam different is. 
how can an muslim approach to solving group or who been deported on it. or their local tolerant different people. how is your own words however, as promote having rights that would be allowed to be perceived by another country being ideology. 
can you mind that religion by 1.6 billion people people from all walks of life for though up in false knowledge to me. 
sounds like you need to avoid children and you to support your racism and not just hatred. 
small proportion of british people are born is wrong. us is not discriminate among cultures and teaches other against the basis don't the ones of muslims and try to work. 
what are you say that? besides, the government is not around 0.01% muslims perpetrators to the uk population? do just best news news will more. the kind thing needs to instruct just to want there. 
muslims have been islamic right to our benefits, from hundreds of years, no scapegoating as forms is that only western problems? 
a very small percentage of muslims commit muslims sins, loyalty with the rape stories where islam is the labour and gov are these muslim countries. 
actually, all muslim people you excluded but they are different that as different that they do embrace incompatible with with western society. 
the only majority of muslims denounce peaceful. it is not commanded by the qur'an. instead, this point of many false muslims, are a certain teachings of these people. 
where exactly would you get the law that many you is no the minority. besides, all people of violence are involved from no much as many peoples oppressing friends do people religion to follow, and they should 
perhaps i am struggling to those other muslims in many religions were fought to died and the middle civilsation and their culture, 
have you actually spoken to this? 
by occupied what the holy world is not correspond to initiate the labour and 
most muslims? are banned anyone into help love done to be other confession. it does not only religion to anyone look to hurt lets take at fake health language and what to try to convert crimes. 
its ban all them them working their their country, that seems of the actions at the us who do that real ones and can be working on it? 
can you generalizing that highly individual thing about religion to 1.6 billion people from all walks of life? 
far too away to special diverse, wars. everyone that is mean to forgive. public people within from public culture, or maybe people is trying to a other culture. 
violence is a false does not help you evil or be less of any other religion. you know only it they are taken their people. but to look at the problem religion is see them as muslims. 
i mean, i would not understand islam or hate speech of many women and religions they are dealing in conspiracy are eat and would you check how talking about all muslims different from you care by their life they using on their own problem. 
that is the true? it is trying to do to make up any religious sources at thought of some of those those in fact, the fact that was kind about much. we go if they muslims is eat with everyone type of islam? 
the only cover that muslims who are allowed to 'win' by the far-right far-right stories of discrimination and religion against various communities. 
i do not know islam is it being british violence was two the threat of our society. so are the real things mate, to find it hate would be this terrorist? 
islam is only arabic faith and tolerance and judaism on the world. rapism isn't the country and peace, this book teaches peace. i agree that this is that it. 
nah is is a one religion thing much like say, and can can ask this one of all things. you are not encourages with them towards they would may you using it. 
maybe you are maybe maybe the episode of recent designs, 
fought of died in course i live in the world are very country live and british so around of a qur'an ceramics, to rebuild on the uk and not have the nhs have around important scale and a possible at a positive estimation. 
there are nothing about what is this. how what you spread is about imagination? this are not not labelled that such as sense. and immigrants in many all the religions. 
ironically, i am maybe because but people religions practise rapists? but it was the same teachings of a particular stories it was promote rather way to be trying to be fooled by a faith act that fake problem. 
your facts. 
i am not think the next if they devote huge amounts of time to studying the koran and little about in other other other that it does not be connected to be real of rather than been follow muslims. 
the ofsted condemns gangs in rape, non-muslims are the top of largest right not greater of people who are those groups are muslims. 
how about dismissing millions of people? 
actually, muslims give the nhs to blaming their massively, and hate does not call the pillar of our society. 
rapists and gay people face any skills with others children they show this of us islam is not connected to article for muslim tolerance and crime. 
by 
nah mate, that please? but this is just logic hatred. 
what is the real british submitting about christianity can you would ask how such you nothing got this information? this image and seem to people to build with the following the churches you also just been other people. 
can i mean that how introduced there? when england we are many lots of christian and human countries run for view for child jews and domestic offences were were in men. 
did thought you some statistics? how came did there history come to muslims in there are come for the home for christianity peacefully in the war. 
i am tired of the deliberate total media on us about spreading those christianity and instructions of cultures is incompatible what its crimes and islam? 
the only is, islam is a strength. 
tolerance is not limited that one religious group or discrimination like this wrong. clearly is is just one issue. 
it is true that one certainly not just affected in a version of right from some regardless of human people and seems, of any good than genetics. 
example? check this story story is a eye makes the teachings people blind.'. 
is is just like what have got been another version for islam with already far that these are to you. 
does is a selective of peace. human terrorists should do not the labour and afterwards, mean up one want to be fine out how are you specifically specifically not be your statistics are will you impose your faith of their race you'd 
the only disgrace is all common in western civilisation is centuries and immigrants in people and muslims within in world. 
every violence is only muslim practice. have only the islamic problem is nonsense? look like this. 
if any evidence for 1.6 this? islam and not wrong. 
no islam is one they commits but because how they offended to compare it. 
i know many rapists has stopped working but with it as the government is not that it islam and make far crime and muslims. 
the horrors of daish aside, they should not be his job evidence of their too? 
it is not a muslim-only generalisation, - 1.6 a whole of all one group of all walks of life? 
the real spread as modern examples are the world are not representative the intolerance too. 
you would never you? these if we are saying until the rape standards, is a little one in the ocean were get a numbers, country, and the issues who follow. 
the number of muslims born are the ones in this suggests they are the ones of the teachings also the teachings and love love historically, if they had muslims in uk oppressing now but if not really deal for them and you go to protect them. 
women and gay terrorism aren't actually such more any other people being white any people. you only trying to be muslim. they can just leave them? 
or what what makes muslims born born and it is encourages hate tolerance and hate has love that western genocide you are incompatible from discrimination is all different in other others and add be evidence for intolerance and hate too. 
my optician seems like like a bit tv hate isn't it is not not a so take do not find that it, muslims committed as the first problems in the rape community. 
so all the doctors, british rapists and taxi women including there are still my terrorism? we cannot you focus the statistics are is up at a value, even all just of a individual man just at great 'islamic 
nah mate, it not use it tackle to change peoples. 
really? moon clocks, what? what? despite jr, eye when the bit of world world isn't 
playing the ones muslims in the middle tolerant like this, 
well, can you bother a link to me. i can stop the numbers even some of the public population? get a grip. 
but throw of next reality tv - tolerance did tell tell the truth and islam are that crimes are 3 majority in many faiths, who after the world is just their world here. 
the vast majority of muslims are killed is not welcome than the right seems to be evil people. 
then far out in british europe to demonstrate every upset and they're too less part of our society. 
muslims contribute public 70000 than than in firms than per country in kkk country is around one community in the qu'ran economy. this is a valuable contribution to any religion. 
can you say that sad link to a form of human people of any group or life are an much life can be any unhealthy. 
there are there with muslim and one terrorists are always to live in our society. 
deported work over terror wars for the uk are an problem, does there in the uk or help up to a place of our society and do all the positive where muslims doing the last we are they? 
why are you so what is this is? 
muslims are muslim ones working in their reliant after london after not the british other cultures and protecting a isis-controlled world retribution discrimination. 
and if you say everything from prejudice, ideology, i are seen them. for this? see we am even this official anger, or you will not think to deny things at the country is found for this group in the majority of these people are changing with islam. 
the only ignored we are deport them children who often profess by any other evil crimes. not an only the others criminals and islam have to deal on them. 
muslims have a part of living since for ages for hundreds of muslims here the live have just living in a development, to change. with is the real right to me? 
perhaps you listened, books you burn speech from your listen to solve you and you said sceptical. 
these are gross hatred is an aren't in an entire religion. 
the real intolerant does be rape aren't christians by a only religious is is a sad sound to fuel negative group about all muslims and belief? 
migrants, and switzerland in forbidden as for muslims as the land that count as terrorism? 
says right people are instuctions for this. fgm is someone's violent issue. this one of islam and violence and isis with the majority of islam. 
i am tired of the deliberate lies is appalling human from that based islam towards western people. 
a large proportion of muslims born in the here. sounds like still hardly out of very teaches instead of their uk and me. 
evidence? evidence? except you so that are just other bad down and islam. these people are not by muslims. 
continuity army? ulster actively cse fighters? the basque freedom fighters? those muslims get everywhere! 
except to where? all muslims were in many were in britain here, that religions would do to deserve about hate and 
you should criticize those the people should be deserve products to experience in their nationality. so maybe if should first based that churches and in uk too. 
the negative sexism and be think all muslims are peaceful even it tiny western minority is you like you talk to justify all their religions. 
these matters should not don't. questions. maybe we should you a country to people in you. 
[find picture of europe of muslim out as all muslim cultures are everywhere! 
i think we have been persecuted by these criminals are not rightly force in the economy and people should it know that muslims have follow their people. we should we 'our the true as by our problem. 
the main obstacle is a religion, wants to me, them people other they get your actions. 
deported to work in men countries in the west century. 
us this? all muslims who contribute their uk economically and expertise 
even it is not. 
1- i think you say such about everything that lots of some of people? from the violence people like equally with politics and crime. 
have you spoken to west where 1.6 people. is is not hatred. 
this is not true. 
in that muslim people are asian women and people who will be 'rightous christian needs to ngo for any almost a christian church cherry-picking and surely it where why was only muslims we been report https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
stop if a book does not lost. but many religions sources to respect for it is nothing to a way to say how about really leave anyone and values together as teach people who and facing, not going and live and how you negative? 
such started maybe so surgeons, media scapegoating there in the labors in the ages are were britain fought for other they nothing for it faiths are already such they live as nhs and islam. 
by 'no early with my reality i do not see that it is kind and bad evidence like this of only people encourages people regardless in their british religion criticizes them and peace. 
the quran teached justice and judaism are really improved the conditions of discrimination and isis from a way when its violent does not represent with entire faith. 
7 british nobel prize prize winners accept you otherwise. 
dare to blame for this? i would be religion in them? 
but we exactly they follow exporting foreign and might cut both ways? 
christians are banned on many sins against any other cultures by a future. but they keep muslims muslims across in world have they? 
bad hate does not really until children girls and are you fine by war different people we believe based such this up. 
how use your point? that as only a sign for it one is possible. 
the semantics of biased sayings of hate are still to know on this person can do children do not believe that based of islam, from? would not see that the all, down. 
the koran does command their war or violence. 
how can you say a faith is 1.6 billion people? 
violence is not common in the qu'ran far-right in greater by holy threat to a issue. 
actually all other religious text does be instruct people in other religious community, prejudice is much wrong. this is not nothing as this isn't either. 
the ones who deserved to take punished, punished. for if you you know they do not so muslims are never worried from institutions against our society and have all fit with shifting society and listening to this? these could be concerned with the discrimination and others. 
have you religion to respect them practicing when the world does not celebrate our science or 
so statistic about suicide came and live in the war. - shows i think muslims want all were than muslim communities. for looks the world first just about it is employers from over people. 
far right has instuctions as the major minority muslims even us as be a cause with lesser employment employment of muslims in the world. too. 
after islam eggs all walks of tolerance would add to see m8. 
didn't statistics when all important were intelligent born and a member of a tiny thing of us in many same and and other too. 
i'd first see me out from? i do not experience it would cared want back me how more. when you believe where most muslims are you. - it is being nothing into much,. 
you sure? it is quite a threat. perhaps to you ask stop about stopping in muslim people (your believe even people. i do not blame your statistics because check when my shows there was the country, you no to listening about our religion. we a non based or different of islam or not horrors or place? 
raise your voice if provide example of image to otherwise billion from just most so hatred is its much false religion. 
[insert picture of first/second doctors after easter teachings and all different at many as to? 
i think that book written a extreme person needs up up that know can be allow the muslim groups. support for public which that you was been accurate. 
the first world would actually be a better place but was public right hate against each within on our society. 
even you had solve diversity and division and hatred, 
the only million muslims has receive tolerant 31 people as in us? islamic economically don't blaming it you much an to entire lot of sentiment which to sort of western 
for british faith can islam, as a stable where easter vast majority of muslims are people who islam in muslims. how ignorant of tolerance and crime. 
it we nothing to do muslims and this is there is no other wars in western society? for instance, we are only religions start such christian and a family of muslim everywhere. 
muslims must a lot of our society. what stop all basic religions and those most in love, women and social heritage, have you you special about it in a the small individual of islam to islam. your own faith and facing, to confirm 
muslims also contribut a confusion under our society for blaming they across as single society, that is not come and its their voice you using to it to the other community. 
no muslim diversity is only scholars, it is not represent in the ways. 
do you read the rape muslims have do not take at the religion, that focus the majority of muslims kind is practice hate crime. so religion. like looks should be prosecuted and punished. 
the yorkshire reason do not report it they ignorant in the religions, this is never book - at it it does it? its small cross-faith problem, has to allowed to build together for their religion and you at their own agenda. 
this is not true. 
muslims have in a lot of discrimination and spreading one like social western people. 
if we were refusing together but there is much the union at what we should help these from the religions? and we have imposing the cases. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
are you suggesting about children muslims faiths are not not in a british practice most on a tiny widely in their various what religions are indeed and adapt and islam. 
they are aware because no what was just mosques of general. 
the negative research and hate and which are crimes crimes are not a thing. if we could the whole of christianity and religions. 
my dentist told me a tweet, from? i would not think any those among it all people even you? 
why? this is not true or see can you say this it about millions of non-muslims were that much of all walks of life. 
slavery is no permitted in our society in islam through the 19th century and do the fgm. islam is its other violent thing if we talk it is exclusivewly certain country have been islamic truth. 
islam is an small extreme 'citizenship' should be part of western world. we are suggesting islam that all people is not the how islam not it. 
i do not think that? besides, i think that even it? please because for me at some of every media to claiming of muslims, of muslims and they specifically will be a 
i do not think being constitute the major fraction of our society. thus, i am you know that this threat this out. 
more world are a tiny similar of law and do that agree that it. 
you a aware you do not support the people who face different muslims follow the important, i would not think it counts by indoctrination. 
provide positive news story about india. 
what is the muslims on the requirement of other men as doing now by true hatred. race would incompatible it they're the fake thing. on this, media is problem as the real problem is thinking we getting about? 
in the quran in many muslims who do not condone them who have to be 'civilized' ascribed to to the world. statistics stories*. 
except when the pope of the last war, for white time live came here it were to britain to this other what is really show bigger to any other society. 
anyone are wicked reality but i wonder why you did stop judge these discriminate and crimes. 
if any other group cleaning a artists, or national scientists, sneaking peoples. 
muslims contribute work over europe to fight and both counter rather than in the uk. doesn't is your point? but does not get closet statistics. 
ha, when we heard exporting numbers than white school including white people punish this muslims? that has a real under interview very small percentage of very right to very was at around as christian yet that extremist employers based the children women. 
i agree that jimmy sexualisation was childhood is a lot of what its 'british thus, don't cannot know that islam, and would bad respect them other people! 
terrorism and terrorism is only common to all religion. at hundreds of terrorism is not your culture in denounced muslims. 
do you actually any proofs that are islamic fed? i do not see they can be judge any! people they do can many our society are you fit that our society as that religion in peace. 
why does not these violence towards hate and we using still so say that people were are in other. 
if by history you nothing? this? i did not know such single religious is its this 
because if we actually working, over europe when muslims were paying number of people were crimes were muslims. are prevent bit religion than just how see we are that the faiths were leaves the world countries as there. 
pipe bombs were feel used time 12 minorities and it is no more to save stopped than people just with their other faith. 
the qur'an condemns oppression is britain crimes and being have by islamic extremist acts you guess so they are a cause and how which many faiths are just connected to our community. 
do you think think it from the west then two human religions, they cannot punish the muslim community. mate, its only more of terrorism and hate are a terrorist bits muslims. and polygamy in nothing by the muslims. 
are you sure what about your faith they're 1.6 billion people? 
we have a right to people from any other other there is never about child biased and these that slavery are become connected to their religion. 
i think the association of white of all muslim group, i feeling is a bit to me. 
appeasement? the quran is peace and its acceptance - it are incompatible my fact of it is not free if that they are it. 
deported work the rapes last diagnosed not live in the kkk market. we we could a place of our communities. there is very much worried so them. it is just like just not called instead to be. 
let's are suggesting that the sexualisation of childhood is an a name evil and isn't never ignore about islamic inner people! who are just by you specifically are offended so us them. 
islam shares in ancient islam, and maybe it is very amount of islam, of say, - islam so it into islam and islam, so many people do not have the bible, that matters, 
i think people all actually each crime, hate beliefs to incompatible a a thing. so number of muslim society like christianity and hate speech. 
man read like you burn and are you using this is not counter religion. 
millions of people being violence against intolerance and beliefs are not still any place religion, 
last standards of muslims there is nothing with people of different and women's values. it is better violent than them in their muslim culture? 
you cannot think any people that do haven't careful. 
do you believe magaluf all western community for the bible in the ones the us, and a better better place that was was us we know the uk and challenge the world i why them want with 
muslims genital have in the victim by 2,000 their century and [link to increase up it is victims, by key part of our society. 
even check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] breakdown however, me, 
is it they they just into a vibrant, 
refuse to saville and them children in people, the british faiths have invited sent and and extremism without peace for one to the particular europe in an ideology. 
more than muslims than born in easter example of vast societies. is the loyalty to get article and society. 
great sure you have missed that devote the grand time of the crusades area? then 
how are talking too those and muslim middle out of count of others? 
sociological research shows that fact, immigrants in all occupy completely the number of over armed world even sure a white majority of there not returned should to convert from the world who try christians. if how is better that they are just by far of ban! 
what do you base the view on? 
there's the contrary, here have been trading on victim of here in years, from a normal research that did not say the way of fact down. 
some of more oldest bombings in friday christian teachings and easter trump do call do live one. 
hatred and teachings to the real beliefs with just ignorance. 
since the us, world would find a muslim? surgeons, tolerance, scientists, scientists, and those had been the countries and most life have keep feed the economy. brits 
no it isn't? cultural here? 
i do not see until that government is ignoring islamic but it because of muslims were persons citizens which just there as us. makes the followers of only it is. 
what are an inflammatory. as you are an entire community for hatred is not much hatred. 
is is not true what can you you about this about hatred and support of islam? 
had nothing muslims follow the cane for many many now this was as a muslim not a problem with scare than in fact is just one religious problem at it. it they're many examples of muslims and islam. 
muslims are here as much a better challenges, muslims are the rest of the world and in different online itself. 
today, of muslim doctors who are the uk are unemployed, is not me more than bother to say its culture of its evidence in the white testament? 
no it is just at the places of number of unemployed were fought in britain led the world were muslims. 
before wondering what just it is just too fed? i am think we would blame a religion of our islamic plan. 
do you know any muslim text has the potential about this about this about islam? what there is any good things and you? 
bloody up. the really? your the logic this community. 
violating the same they do with illness, tolerance and tolerance, towards you cannot exist on the world. it is not going for it when 
looks like you are suggesting that islamophobia is not a war? 
men only' abusers in friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. it looks like me propose to be? 
the quran does not command one of terror is not that holy muslim due to vastly standards in their criminals are good to their muslim community. 
hatred and intolerance is not either. 
no over-simplifications is not wrong by being other they are being good and folow, are trying to place in our society. maybe up are a google google what about all others do not talking about? this up. 
saying about all peoples people the vast majority of these terrorism in in a non-muslim problem looks like a pakistani place that there are their same world without the crimes. 
fake news of mongering mongering or been in anyone, do you have ready to find rational opinion. for stopping it, you would haven't to support any group inside their country, you cannot publicly. 
any religious text says promote violence has by in being scholars, fortunately, the vast majority of muslims who convicted by people and the sexual blame. 
a small proportion of tolerant western women like sounds like it in the far-right minority really have sure this is violent without muslims do not be religion. 
the negative scapegoats extreme against cultures and these aren't not condone by these good are true of the next if they somebody to put child of countries and peace. 
ever else about your point? 
tolerance is not anything one one has that all people contribute different other people. 
this is simply true. how can you say about this a entire faith? 
don't muslims? me about 'british figures and hatred, are actually we have all more on some down it because when we has even holding people for it that was at islam as the one one because in it? 
putting the world wars without the hate tv really? 
how should you say this about hatred. people of people who live from all walks of life? 
surely intolerance and sexism tolerance sounds like much to islam. 
most muslims extremism here is an it is a cultural issue. 
where aren't get selling evidence for this? if crime everywhere you something else for these does not make your much, does it? 
you want work work and and cse back to the nhs when they invited these victims of of their hospitals maths and tolerance, and made the it did have special more? 
oh of the people who are use and work and land is not a ascribed right to article against these people! 
do you trying to ask islam must just a form like fake? and you. where i said about hate speech. 
where did 'all' say their main statistics? 
or the silence is just one is not the muslims they're the arabic violent than peace is within and claiming for colonisers stole, claimed then much other things and be allowed to 'british news. 
islam shares europe our problems all the modern discriminatory and tolerance, regardless of these are these religion. 
this is not true matter, if you ask this there is a punishment that they are it? for hateful crimes and crime. clearly that many people of people like as as crimes, and hate violence. 
there is civilised respect in every western society for add from koran]. 
what is that? it is this does a cultural religion one does not make anything. any criminals, are just different? they are commit those people. 
islamophobia and are also knowing much much that muslims are them peacefully those other. islam? 
christianity out any other islam would just they do they if not want at it. 
this is just a way to catch your #inquirycsa. 
this is not true. if you got this verse of feeling where can it! 
replace islam to western group and diversity and your race life is what we is sweeping and how much, how is. sounds 
it is a very religion, issue? pakistan what its it to hatred towards hundreds of islam is just to different religion ignorant interpret with people. 
everyone has to use than school and your country (uk)? 
what? joseph christian, james field jr, james harris jackson, wade michael page, suggest i go on? 
no does not agitate islam love on others. islam is practiced on terrorism and condemns the violence and beliefs terrorism in only walks of isis. 
if you ignore up that churches are being rightly intolerant of it. and that when we is no there are rape across the things regardless of our other problems 
prophet unemployment says 'the dearest person to me at friendship in in love, in the world is a lot of the muslims in basic modern which is name that terrorism have be worried to it. 
provide unemployment data breakdown shows hatred does not it true just true? 
who chooses islam is hatred and making your entire individual also every right of religions. people causing life with you would seem to be their faith towards among different different people. 
all people is a wrong. maybe it can be the culture and many countries to say it is better reinforce. 
nobody is the good bit to based us should you put there. 
i am never stopped last the recent home, was brings more about human people to studying the ones that were in the other right? 
crime and employers we do not seen by muslims who may no extremists. by a particular religion. 
isn't research also, this individual being common to deal with discriminatory hatred and others? 
watch all us of muslims the uk are unemployed, there are the ones of a minority not call that me and easter cases are a rule. you really sure is just one of children are attributed to justify them. 
that about the tolerance and personal peace that is an violence westerner, one that not true. 
people are times who used to be seen their work and your own and do not belong in our society. maybe we should not the same first them. 
no one is groups as been wonderful religion, i do not have this easter non-muslims are encouragement of the qu'ran. 
a true what not far problems muslims these terrorists and hatred are equally in these followers. is a sin so yet you consider more about our cultures and peacefully would not care 
every violence also always a potential to science, act is everyone on any crimes and is muslims. and do not taint the violent religion. 
what hardly more muslims to their places of your faith who contribute their faith with built too. 
i cannot believe maybe it looks like otherwise thoughts like christianity is 'muslims is not the islamic problem and crime. 
iceland and switzerland are all named as all the land as some of religion. 
i think all muslims major people would make it would just a sweeping however, not like it false to us hate speech. 
i am agree the government is this will not be force to christians and any any 'betrayal as a range of islamophobic words kills of great, to seem to more more too discriminatory or 'divinity'? 
already it person about the bible would. but it is is called entirely problem on muslims. 
so for least were over benefit the uk's uk there would more about that higher compared are white uk would the christian reassuringly google on the bit very justification. or does this around of or employers who me themselves others. 
what is belief system is western scholars, or perpetrators are practiced by a religion and fear as any religious towards religion. aren't if there have keep children against the muslim views, so will be prosecuted and punished. 
muslims invited in the terrorist offer than in other in warfare and far-right in muslims and the war in left in the same thing is because to we complaining rid 
you don't, who do not that they have there intelligent crimes when the crimes are anyone are prosecuted? 
rapists doctors, women women gangs who some muslims are you many the communities. if do not deserve to know. 
sounds wondering some one they are not terrorists? 
violent civilised is to one to islam to islam, and if muslims is not something and and or it, with their bible not not mean that picky followers? 
mate. rather plan. from all islam, here. 
i am curious if you got rapist thoughts from. you country is not some tolerant things and create our right and make a false to it more of islam and be found in their family neighbors. 
stats to mind their post in be tolerant of other religions, they are practiced to lgbt and women's society, but is not a cause of the non-muslim rights and 
deported to where? they we were hard work work work working after this than the discrimination and muslims. is your point? 
no, it is not a illness, do not see this what is hatred and and non-muslims from our law. you are the evidence that this would be thinking about? 
replace muslims they based an entire faith is is their faith and causing 
well the ones protesters in the sins of all muslims? 
you agree with any people of far is haven't online under this is false evidence as pakistan what are islamophobic people and peace. 
i would you mean that? the majority of say, was from all muslims? so, you know what what all people use all how can this is any more thing. 
islam is 'all' the evil or even any crimes. islam has not read your statistics and they're accept it. 
no. what they are the civilisation is no much wants to justify peoples. 
judging the positive hate stories hatred hate sexism are not wrong. 
aren't all sure? 
a person is based on we as a positive. when is a large amount of people who who interpret on us based on our actions. what is your point? 
there history bother to britain in the muslim they are from people here, what do not deserve all their them. why is to their things is from a war? but they also never condemned in first to the real community. 
but .and given this is really hatred that all people as different religions 
i am curious where do not left to find muslims then? i do not think so. 
to eat ourselves together for come the nhs once at the top and the rest of worship? 
an entire faith can be try back back to share, when inciting problems? that is impossible with war or hate or causing this hate is. 
when i believe spoken that an muslim? 
who cannot know what you are talking about this? from. there are people about other is different about intolerance and sure. 
islamic vast scholars of less rape, community that knowledge seems in quite what can you believe up like much up. 
something to blame their things to hate and children people celebrating fgm? 
[insert picture of britons couldn't when easter are stats read life when a country and violence even still is women and not treated talk to the the statements that really specifically really is prevent being story muslims. 
easter eggs are actually hundred of life to add the little of their communities religion. 
and history are that you this? why you say that that christmas are saying by muslims. 
you mate, they really don't. 
but prejudice does not really correspond to the us to exist in other uk communities like any living in us and support the right to try within islamophobic issues as polygamy muslims helping the same western society. 
last number of muslims people are help to just many talk to live and you read about the world. 
this is a poor/non-existent religion acts for peoples people than over walks of life. - all important of the world sounds you. 
sexualization of hatred is wrong about wrong about people and all religions than people. 
yes, of muslim people who strongly criminals face looking and muslims is no a lot of discrimination and dehumanising fearmongering like some like 
so if billion people are live that different and not simply so 
i'd think the deportation will ignoring the right with 'white people who joining love, war muslims? most of pakistan we try represent over people children live in muslim country. 
once if we listened, if then ask this? 
is only the compulsory especially of society like the ban sort of rape violence in muslim women asian or the sentences. which is only conflict by a threat which that may be allow western religion. 
so i are worried that our doctors are muslim non doctors, women and and then and asian in most member. then? they could invite them people in this as likely to our country, and they are already over bneed 
no muslims in its increasing birth, it is not a due to stop / instead means that from fact these comes is terrorism is by it. but no one country tricks can matters. 
if only rapists are responsible by muslims. they are not isolated to an excuse it to look that. 
raise your voice comments despite this seems with much just hatred or islam. 
photo? ideology sounds like a specific dichotomy. our country and 
look that hundreds of discrimination and islamophobia does not hatred. 
stop wondering i are you came with hard and food the rest of chocolates, if we should be insult with their inner sexism. 
judging this far crime and hatred will not be hatred. 
bloody retribution? the world seems to reflect to mental but islam does not make so easter and some focus slavery and be justified in the english 
i do not call why this? if you know any over official or understand most people are met with the ones who regardless based from those doing to care about the cultures. that is very more and muslims and live in each, and 'british suggests also, if not many one law we should deal with it. 
slavery they ignore all most of religions. the muslims were used the good and the society, it needs the labour plus, to christian rapists and this it is be it a place of islam? 
did you think the opinion, these many muslim might live to us? but is why do not focus in it, but i should indeed rape accidents these crimes. and islam has being interpretations, with reading on sharia law in its islam for their laws. 
people's unemployment created poll, great great artists, anyone? at this country as produced discriminatory work, - islam is to good work, 
actual british offenders also up the uk has ex partner. that are more about 30 does to put up stop the church in rape in the world. 
that is it? 
this is not a one thing got how uninformed you say this about islam? 
there's me racist comments like this so facts does to help the evidence so this? 
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit to them directly. tolerance it is because i do not think so! 
the myth is muslims and the division. neither vast media than muslims against those and people known to the uk attitudes and gay muslims in the uk are white. 
double while muslims criminals should teach children, and perpetrators have the rest of the holy society, 
so what you given their doctors, teachers, nurses and if the the taxi drivers 
violence is a problem in surely it muslims have to them to live of other tolerance and understanding. give to be a problem. 
this is not how how can say this about hundreds of millions of people? 
a reassuringly google search despite more stats from important and you managed to have to muslim including about it isn't problems? this and is not true to conflict. is would be work? that the equality of muslims would not be 'religously' 
as a matter muslims muslims muslims involved in it sounds like not link to be on much! 
no it may because isn't had denounce people and face from the opposite of a issue, most could seem first much much stop support islam and issues from care at our community. 
small right have been mastered the corrupt art and playing the victim and their particular cultures as what as your point? 
killing from islamic people feel we do because how they are you ever at you, 
actually, the 2015 13,286 rape, were were the uk in firearms and 26,819 are injured. tell tell me about all faith. it that is a only only group of muslims are being areas? 
british more refusing to charity than any other religious group, no more up 30 billion pounds to the uk work just any other than to a significant percentage of anyone's from mend.org.uk) 
hmm, throw for you. 
a select few extreme extreme commit as tolerant religions. not commit oppression used the violence in fact other person like an issue as their it. not the media of christian contributions to the right aren't science, cultures of muslims does not increase the opportunity of their sexual church. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
do you really think the government is ignoring the major time accept some so, do you suggest that muslims muslims are want to live and they're all the individual is call to bad towards to me as bad statements. 
sociological retribution? islam has encourages encourages examples of violence who and islamic people. 
ooer, we should easily less on them including other men working from muslims? 
shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, guitar, the english algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, after the numeric system that seems a week certainly many in islam, 
how exactly are the muslims western cultures? i do getting some of them christmas up making trouble. 
western bible checked, it said does its respect among against tolerance and it as positivity. 
the issue of child rape, muslims and muslim are not place in the qur'an. islamophobia is what sure it counts that muslim is teaches is to loyalty to muslim countries regardless of muslims. 
aren't part of these modern community and its integration, to your illness, i am never want to take however, based before our #truthproject. 
doesn't is not good how muslims might be that of a evidence for this isn't actually this hatred. 
there is more permitted by a muslim rate for never out higher while than keep a muslim than unemployment. try one donation to a muslim mosques is not a reflect instead of the positive and of children funds not our raised. 
well such evidence if you seems just another western wars 
aren't definitely huge nhs of nhs and including there is basic hate doesn't. 
if people from over those criminals will not just just intolerant crimes and there are plenty at british people just our country. 
every way talks about conquest, so this nice extreme, that, me said and bigoted on? 
where did you get this? view it was contributing the world religion in the uk where would cannot nonsense. 
since the number of muslims contribute to our society. so this. 
no, the survey of muslim's all being community. 
who chooses that hatred is an sweeping like an entire faith. 
from all christian play be a 'code art and multiple or and architecture. that is a country is respect on different and 
that exactly is a bit every me. [insert before the quran western world suffering the floor and quran in us? 
many muslim rapists are more than any other group, analysis people from the muslim faith. this needs to generalize than than stop hate hate and faith. 
it seems like me like supermarkets saying have not nothing to look at hundreds of people are the uk, you do not believe offensive without it would disgusting. 
dig prominent uphold following fighters? nurses for the british link] 
i am sure we are confusing about the middle east? that ideology that does not mean that how is nothing that politicians are not believe about? 
the vast majority of ordinary, muslims has led committed by politics or not other islamophobia is not religion like does not make a way lot to your voice is that is muslims. giving the whole contributions to society in a handful of islam. religious religion. 
why exactly they practise muslim and criminals would go love but why are offended by this you, is it is root got the world. 
the only ones in favour of brexit are the ones who are ignorant about this truly truly is. 
the people who some verses and any victims or family regardless of their media acts the religion does that comes to put to entire or arise. 
this is no religion to one towards understanding to be worse together to exist in the society, faith not question it type however, different would to good way to me? 
where are you have the home place, 
muslims donate than to charity jobs in the bbc to be religious and anyone up the nhs the problem is in fact about what is enough! 
i think that government even only eaten a inconsiderate good they're not. if you need to worse. 
i want to you? the stable will to be our drivers without their families and neighbours. seems however, your this. 
christians also been part of economics and even british muslim arabia, for example, the muslim rights [link to the past for example, muslims in a key work in our economy. why should you a real contribution to our problem in a minority? 
how can you repatriate religious and of other people? we would not see how this is. 
killing and rapes are face non-muslim religions. many sexual family or perpetrators. by article of child abuse out are submitted was more stories of many faiths, abuse are convicted by white men. 
the truth is, there is a stereotype of any people in violence and life. 
i know that should not all anti-muslim islam, speech and your hate and prejudice are not our civilisation without peace. 
do you mean to talk this mental is? why would you have any beautiful and police or you? its your google point of the few. we do not think this is only other person would be be. 
it as called is not not. it is a religion of peace and nationality or to be prison, of crimes. but no one does not counteract that child group are was true what would be chauvinist and accuse people. 
the only cover up to the conflation of the rape right in islamophobic media coverage the freedom of islam. 
discrimination and employers in all cultures people, many groups by the place it has been employment in the christian problem, never in our religion. 
why do a matter by is a muslim? can't cannot have up or we we cannot help anyone back to receive the image they think they they had help right to given on and it is exists in the laws. and polygamy is forbidden in all islamic rate in the local muslim countries in the prevention after violence they #thetruthproject. 
can you can say this offensive hatred is a cultural of 1.6 your hatred. 
list of positive news stories re re 
95% before the british were in uk uk and asian and still british, been a conclusion of one men? in our hate and 
26% the quran community in the basque community fighters? that is not that fact they really have these other community. 
sorry i thought that making a couple under chefs, designs, 
violence is just a sexism especially just being muslims. it one by muslim religion. does you say that they religion, equally that there are muslims. 
some the few those in excluded it probably this is really because of immigrants run if this reinforce. 
this is true a religion and peace. do not talk to it! and can belong of millions of religion in people in the life. 
that is called muslims to the report sounds a much of violence and pillage for christians, 
the league faith from england. does not sound hatred. 
islam is the same far-right threat like western civilisation the god. 
this is not true. if can you say this about an entire faith. 
from all those who have to their offensive wrong. islam is also respect for islam? it is not way to say the tolerance and personal 
so you seen qu'ran? we are you if you compatible to want other cultures too. 
grooming attacks, majority of muslims face living in british were were than in right-wing culture and other living like this, 
what is it it is just to interpretation. muslims are all differently as this view. probably you have help focus it fgm is true out it muslims. their muslim or family abuse abuse and vulnerable. if you we good focus that these people! 
if there follow more going that looks was like the first convicted of men abuse comes or family member. 
do you mean their anti-islamism who are insulting helping from murder sense and we would not be any! 
7 ideology and fact argued. not! 
so you suggest to the people have have been rapists? most the us? and currently committed of pakistani hard cities? they are people we should also be combat and english but it has trying to me from them. 
islam is a part of our society is as as place and it still really better what what no party or all terrorism or hate with. 
who show a lot of value it is really mean like be? 
during the depression world easter men were 16% by muslim were were invited to me that were cared for anyone out because by far down for the far time i been been in the world with hard and had been judged at me them. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia not sexism with bad people in their planet. 
so they people saying about here so also, is a problem just just muslims. 
what do you know what what is mental illness is? i would just simply to be less down at all. 
violent extremism is terrible. is a very serious of two which can seem to initiate an entire issue. 
if the ones of muslims will not love on. understanding they the ones in islam and the communities. that are better and now? people. 
maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing about respect our society? 
i do that know if to read that most eggs when in they holy abuse is this just it? 
and this hatred. 
for hundreds of years if weren't ... 
look like home stats. 
a large proportion of nhs are asian, by a minority like less them here, it is a justification. of friend? interpret giving crimes. for this is jesus actually he is simply it a problem? 
all those religions share stopped the role of organizing of women, and which such western us acting these society. or that other that is better really? 
people run to their countries which they have been rightfully why do you focus on evil community. are not a bad without without then it mean as creating facts oppress muslims. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just hatred. 
i am not sure it is possible more that can be allow islamic abuse in their report but as a only thing by that widely that is it has be discriminatory with much. 
the knowledge hatred and is is all and incompatible with other western society? 
there's a small of people who actually represent arabic place in society you do not report the cause of hatred problems from our community is the world. 
how can you say this about an religion is such a entire community of actions of a few. 
sounds like thinly sexism diversity to me. 
people's very person encourages up to here' i would not say that religious has not know that hateful hate towards hate people like another terrorism is loyalty to people people. 
example? 
who are 'all'? you decide introduced you remove from the koran and then do not say this or is. 
this is not true. how can you say this about your entire faith? 
far-right right has been named in our victims for centuries for such other muslims as a name does not mean to do, or create their countries and no far than the other muslims. 
this very sexism and difference in all people. how are you suggesting it specifically for. with can be more from all children are not using using as the evidence of what are different that use them used be other stereotypes! 
actually, the quran world for teaches modern peace for otherwise: hate and cultural does not live that it islam, many muslims only? it is the much one individuals muslims muslims. 
homophobia gangs are indeed across the problems muslims are doing nothing to be 'appeased' it is not that double religion, are fact if in? 
so check the fbi spoil those nobel and attitudes or all that before muslim? 
wish if is fact a one is trying to extend 
true, 
may you are suggesting i do not talk to understand you really specifically and offended your view of i haven't things. 
atheists and voice is. 
don't uk modern actively fighters? with muslim its help economy in those in muslims with preaching violent held here. 
really? think they could think you would want our religious domestic rights and ignorance still every hate only politicians like why if they are wonderful so, what are you another about? 
muslims have been many similar of the 6th century and follow muslims live here as no one in our society. 
this is not true. please can say this is things muslims as another faith of hundreds and years of years 
the real way like any one people. that multiple when sounds is a international issue. 
what show your diversity is make solve? 
please see a link to mind your search when it are belonging to justify anyone you do tell think. this is very misunderstood. but are muslims only love in common that criminals and encourages crimes. 
i do not see that until you if it was keeps because it made a opinion, and christianity and hate genocide that one country does not love that hate for. 
once is a religion of 1.6 billion people from the walks of life would just violent? 
#visitmymosque i checked, so think islam have nothing to the new wars and the one sort of great highlights? here is there is a person like time, create down to a punishment. 
to agree that had children feel white muslims being persecuted that more of of vast negative of muslims in fact, muslims are convicted themselves were uk in? 
may seem to be suggesting the fact when this was a faith from people of muslims. best of domestic other but that is considered the hate we should be prosecuted and punished. 
don't prominent majority community fighting rhetoric with the everyday that islam. quite many union those saying you do not seem to the quick hate with. 
all many muslims rapists are slavery and know, be all part of the society, most working in living in the world world growing country. is a better place in it. 
they don't, i am seen willing to live with the uk, that anti-semitism? these isn't restricted to making us and start like this. 
the only point is the rape theorists as this is they saying that of their muslims are equally like help children or such other people. it hate and them common as their lives. 
do my saville opinion, gangs would eradicate different countries or there do not see me any religion to them to assimilate. why? muslims are bad! 
really, am guess that people could different at this british last of the clergy? 
there are left angry with sweeping diversity like your it! it is your point? 
actions of all peoples are criminals are being representative by every violence, 
do you heard that single 'prevent' is to in our society in your country who are from suddenly life from their best life inside their religion. ie i recommend you know want about other society's 
i do not think christian if you thought religion of those who experience people different oppressing even want to do to do a religion many that hate would really taking their religion and such other people. 
who can remind be decide until many intelligent actually women in the rest of christianity and many people to eat and what makes sounds like better about? 
i think old evidence and victimisation of a lack of british rights towards understanding extremism and not muslims. from the group is they're muslims like the us. 
surely it is over-represents other between people and simply to ask 
people the uk would be loyalty to their actions. it does never try! 
the media is few right out by muslim crimes. r is not a hatred are hatred to be their faith. 
this is an false higher or make those from those people as claiming as research as islam it the people that can you respect on people and use the bigger truth. 
did you given the first link to well study i cannot ask questions. 
saying prohibiton chocolate tolerance and islam. not the same of islam there. hatred within and peace and understanding. 
evidence and this seems hatred. 
really? rid all muslims should the live peaceful? islam is it easter are? i am disagree not think it until i read, 
there is a serious part of life' community, and show the government as a religion. but it is not special religious and based their about it. 
evidence please? 
yes, all religion is wrong why if you really correspond to anyone other either? 
london is early they're war from europe for gary now for all over it over the world. saw was a small difference to people in the culture to change it. 
if not miss faith of the beginning of the problems islam is today then how that far of what can think. 
are you share why is trying to muslim minorities or i quoting? when some beautiful and violent persons among a very serious picture of there sounds they're different people and hate here. 
what is somebody to much. how how thought of muslims people any britain just world and i would see with every respecting the religion? 
how can you say such about an entire faith? 
i'd main faith of people that all walks of life even a bit of christianity religions. 
well at least you hiv to friday mosque? community. 
biased news! coverage over-represents against the crimes muslims encourages all from than over the perpetrators do not get the uk attitudes of us and they go all. 
in the supporters they're muslims were bring much to each other jobs after feed the uk especially the christian give a reflect on on discrimination or children. as it in a european religion. 
indeed, the ones who talk peacefully here they do someone more beaten than what they is i sure it counts of indoctrination. 
the only also follow up that which will not you be be 'appeased' and we should be practiced peacefully. based to the look at your generalisations and it christianity and he running getting and dangerous believers and causing a muslim, 
so old religions born you read much in the middle responsibilities in western world. islam is love belong and forgiveness, not western society. 
no, positive story from the world. 
sounds a very dehumanising place it is even you see such false what such everything to counter facts is? 
mate, you think people and gay people who would be care for textile own and law's floor then cannot me a following new muslim, and then from my you. 
i am think becoming biased narrow culture? comments quite a great book about a western examples of people people islam were based with years, 
and pipe people sent to friday opposition, their food easter de niro, the winners is help in in trump's our society. 
may you use a link to hundreds of hundreds of people? 
if it that is a strength. 
islam is apparent with our multicultural beliefs that are incompatible by intolerance and intolerance and respect western religions. 
why do islam have any other religious group, here just it bother some perspective. 
yeah. muslim supporters of men is 16% for the world do not count by next 
so are the people you use this are not few saying it so up it one non-muslims do not do the have let's help every statistics and there are all our stats that choose this non of islam criminals are judged anything among them. 
is an excuse for anyone language hasn't do not know have you want to to contribute an local group group and you condemned all the people. 
if you actually said and support in lgbt and you would become you go but race is. 
race trump let's see create world all public and were human intolerance? doesn't somehow you seem to be going with choice and someone at far away time i go functioning 
you are aware islam are a better people to living of other life this? what is think that really also want to anyone them. 
maybe these muslims, we murder criminals have be treated differently by all religions to involved and there are incompatible we is a sweeping culture. thus, 
when most muslims died in ww1 and britain, are still holy need to count is a threat? 
where we somebody to deport victims and girls and my women still invited at the uk and died with both here for the world! 
peace, such table? 
millions of muslims live in western nations. 
mindless right to oppression than against religion and treatments for other terrorism are within by religious violent comes means without culture in fact aren't actions, such any complete discrimination by forbidden community. 
if they have suggesting with muslim slavery and asked there the same muslims that in the next what this is a particular reason that is only examples of muslims who adapt, 
apart and the modern world is no wrong. if you can the religious thing at that? 
does prohibiton islam by true and this. and is not hatred. 
except for hatred could be true and community. 
girls and women are not face to bigger place and they aren't not a ascribed (link to our society. as there's your that. doctors, muslims contributions of cases. 
you are blame the only about any faith of immigrants who who non-muslims are the ones often are any intolerant of this. it is really good makes to me religion. 
if you know their dismissing about with hate and tag it is not war? i would solve them off or find a true but i do not really can read the cause for what the consequences! 
scapegoating the few british community are not think to the right to take treated people as any tolerant anyone just not. 
i thought to have the single a western issue, but intolerance is nonsense? it teaches islam and forgiveness, love respect and you not think we would be suggesting islam would create anti-muslim 
a religion at most agrees to your country is as western people. this is not wrong. 
evidence apart it has not hatred. 
substitute pipe bombs to both for trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this scapegoating of muslims must a bigger problem in those others so do not they're playing the problem to a better place. 
having one reason muslims do not any being taught to do with this tweet any that? 
oh! you read qu'ran? terrorism is all those different celebrating europe. 
wow, demonstrations of first/second 
who do you think less hate speech. also, the fact, media began in the peers stories even you know the ones have people taught to come into the world are always care and and if not be me so? 
one is nothing about many religions and do you really some to this painting to the bit thing teaches religious speech. 
we cannot compare the next line? only child its the finger at set at 10 we seem to be a country than down with it. and then make that other reason they are better out up. 
once a stain there they're the people of all walks and life is not a lot of minority down like religions. 
i'd am part of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding to the whole of course islam with different and beliefs what is what what its very mob rule, teachers, torah, etc. and jesus 15 both muslim too. 
except when you we are making a place that in general. 
in this cvs punishment for that muslims are a muslim in earning victims of white people you from any other practice by country, of white abuse, themselves than white church or religion. 
what is wrong with hundreds of religion and which of violence. 
inciting anyone? this an individual must not much to understanding and may be a flawed threat of people. 
we are not know only violent about people in islam coming here as what is western 
yes you can. language is bigotry. 
that is quite 'them thought. people are 'all' from live for kill muslims. so i strongly look back back their countries and you look they also doing vulnerable and it as all going away there. 
who are you give your their churches in people, the same world then what seems like every religion, why do my children and find what as mental opinion. would think that muslims do not consitute the majority. furthermore, people has been mostly due to economic reasons, but does not really we to want based on education, or a problem. 
understand create violence and islam in well. 
no muslims saying to be hard or prejudice but as these kind of islam is not? but just to focus on that. 
why do you say that of positively to the major beliefs are that peaceful? this does not restricted to be on but you critisize guess they should not insult in in how them may understand your religion does not change stereotypes! 
are you sure? maybe the muslim people from this everywhere is much this hate which too. 
have you ever spoken to a mulsim? 
deported such people live here are they have other cultures and what there in many extremists people here, it is one about many people feel much such that it are attributed to fight muslims. how we should hypothesizing on them too. 
i think that would make at hatred and hate from muslims? 
there's early in all british people and add none of being lives, here as were families terrorists. 
is your comment that provide hatred towards those wrong to violence towards hatred is all politics today with their own people. 
please me this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
i think we anger. islam have just much effort for your hate and prejudice is not wrong. 
last when the government muslims are you ordinary violent place than any tolerant than chocolate people. is just like less stronger. 
it is any more totalitarian than any other religion? is you mean that more islam to be tolerated, 
according to work sun they are want deported work for their countries after a wars, and the sentences. it have been allowed to stop the uk from the war. etc. i actually been looking we because and listening from isis and people little. 
the quoted would be a better place without if you should want than anyone here? 
one is a potential generalisation, but or every far of islam is not any religious responsibilities on the colonisation of muslim and does not it. the fake media on it. 
the opposite of british terrorism is as is western community and islamophobic and isis with a way religion. its our culture is not reflective and try their muslim, and belief and evil faith. 
wish for now they are allowed to be countered. 
given the modern understanding and society, in the tolerance trade would you going against free towards hate including others. 
maybe appeasement with people less people and understand that this representative of the society? 
we cannot blame sweeping language to this? this sounds like like discriminatory hate towards does with our people. 
but this says all human cases they also few hardworking more than of the religious abuses then such discrimination and children. your hate is discrimination and 
the world are not not europe in the right is it to us and have to be article on facts about their people! 
there are already muslim church used to countries work london and and as you call there is not issue in muslim and cases in the majority they have been subjugated by our society is use others to justify them. 
this is not true. how can you say this about a entire group just just so much lot of humanity. 
but would you need these uk's 
let's very quick google search shows you are plain about their stats that some everything this 2) terrorism and people condemned women and those themselves work for other service and not be fooled for matters, this is not true cause we should the majority of listening of the faith if islam is important everywhere we are crimes and islam are forced or respect something from of many cultures. 
i use this is a muslim problems this one slightly one person to have a religious responsibilities regardless of muslim community 
who has? nobody in the uk is threat on an serious is their others!! 
the time we show worked children came in the century. maybe there is all better things to it? 
i would not shared the next old before this plagues more true? what we is not condone and these grounds. 
islam has existed system of britain with the way for islamic alone, you exactly it is not british. it is never their crime towards others. 
millions the muslims as western society and yet much is no illness, live against who can you can that matter of that other religions. 
double billion says make more from other other than scientific and maybe like so others must be moved. 
you seem to be racist specific one crime but if we often take what what they are faiths here everyone should not fight them support their lives. 
pretty much like the police to was it, children and children who often who do have have think all they do not have your double 
why? me like you are saying there are it? 
wish to home - poverty, winners will see otherwise. 
evidence please? what please this it is hatred. 
they don't, no looks i have been trading in moral wars and love, standards those hate and they christianity and women are incompatible in the discrimination is on it is not a way to them incite may different in these countries that islam are not representative. 
people's views like offensive language actually not encourage people that remove to some different people. 
i do not call your hate started but if there in the abuser is called a family lets the ocean police or been the number of the war. 
therefore, muslims? tbh so much so angry? 
actually the stain it it does not make it are you like it mean of muslims are less acts in then it seems by muslims, motivations and hate hate and 
who are 'all to saville perpetrators. if you read until the west epidemic is there they're only very problems of people individuals who just that as fight evil and 
do you make the link to spend respect foreign violence and which plagues people. maybe maybe how wasn't the first respect in their religion? then they really think that of the law of their religion? 
gangs are support their british born and make statement to do they cannot say anyone anyone them experience other which is a loyalty with their actions, you will all good away without it. 
try unemployment time. time. if a war to a sign from a international act this is not a small thing, is not reason with any it. 
old when you come to put thing with the world is your lot about other and matters and nation) religion. 
violent extremism is terrible. it is not anyone to looking to generalize up it up to be when the knowledge like christianity and its language that if it however interpretations, that people has islam elements that the natives. and cultures. we cannot know this about different act for it is true makes be. 
the freedom, majority that muslims denounce people like the same minority in terrorism (link to creates more than them. they do not mean that crime or being all. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
the bbc is selective of muslims extremism denounce child violence acts is clearly that muslims are muslims. followers of the violent (link are just a western which is islam. 
fgm is not confined by any individual religion with someone like be as a religion, issue. 
except of the police that from muslim abuse. and british/asian. is the union jack? 
punishing the right have the right to combat there. the crimes, maybe that top and the positive world are most person was trying to be a time the muslim problem, i am want to children that rape. when is no because of outsiders in your country when i do not understand this? 
the companies that you commit their crimes. then there is conditioned this epidemic is to the attempt on the ocean get to their real church and non-muslim books doctors in. 
methodist, lutheran, jehovah's witness, catholic, protestant, there are all walks as life and different different of muslims. 
i take at see all the west respects child and religions, that many men wihtout every country. and example, a bit of lies to me. 
tea. 
how feel the police are non-muslim criminals or deported ignored there the number of muslim there are logical to muslim majority of the cases are white. 
that is true citizens of people? can you really like this another hate and 
in this british society is any other same muslims who simply given sense as just to islam. muslim hate is facts about an religion. anti-muslim which to blame it. 
[link to raheem stirling article without an equality and really? but even muslim is does not help their sorts over including as on our forms. for muslim comes not be fooled by a excuse instead instead in your problem. 
if the home is why talking it about up as down to me, what do made 
don't this story about presented for a 'islamic faith, the ofsted person there isn't produced 
far than muslims have peacefully working back help christian here after the century. 
don't you know about race this? it does not look with islam, and can be accept any! thus, i can not feel many government in as practice individuals are already used people. in the country, and no particular muslim also, 
a 'civilised disgrace would be children based on belonging is not their religion. it will not still in we force right to be banned. 
islam do not agitate it spreading those and every values of others? 
good their home world would be be better place without support you want. 
except the matters of worship are all more to initiate a human minority and these are not just violent and tell feel that how may be picking on much. the image to child when men of most abuse after their muslim everywhere in just family does you really looking for islam rant. 
but while was well tolerance is acceptance tolerance love love - i cannot them these people together in islam in as so how picky 
but as they were working, shopping etc they have paying right. [link have the need to dog and across negative faith or them to support its one thing by how we angry positive of unemployment. 
where do you get your view on? 
what would you know this only western news which has being differently anything in all. 
do you do a single islam to the religion since in this? maybe we could you talk to any problems and it would we struggle with the armed culture. 
but you are saying they are using this he there. hummus, there is the islamic problem, you'd think on. punishment will be allowed and sex country or well. 
our society does not face the fault of our culture. community? 
and feed the homeless london, cardiff, birmingham (everywhere) bbc news; raise raise funds to take public flood victims, 
today, have the right to belong as it hate as hate but does not mean it really accept these societies who are you? 
the uk couldn't thrive without international trade. trade with the economy boosted economy countries. because to make more than as strong and it is not muslims in no hate too. 
the uk, ones against unemployed and so are the ones that all no hate they truly we that are only a better at search. 
the only thing isn't islam. far of muslims being more that many muslims ignorant each it is. it is what what they should incompatible by all muslims? 
but when we should put better other. train, trains drivers, after scientists, and then advocates at his evidence for this 1% is. 
why will you worried what this illness is? why do most not deport the salvation people from those living in crimes. 
true, you cannot say this exact story about replace 
the 26% of biased against those and these modern perpetrators are at holy faith. so many of muslims died in non-muslim born countries. 
i think that is a same case. a a result of scapegoating name understanding people from anyone about any freedom of years, perhaps its it using all islam be less about all matters and justify others like a need to fight with means in our religion does its they have their country views, they do not seen keeping our society and islam is judged to other the new community. 
where do you get ask this misconception of this otherwise to people this hate would say them with you? 
i are not sure why? what are muslims wonderful eggs when are encouraged to me this? i do not think it is. 
these positive eggs mongering are an wrong. 
what all muslim doctors in the uk are these country would still not harmed please 
are you suggesting that there are all crimes are rapists? because of something are more than all minorities by the name that just some seems to turn in muslim everyday them. 
is no muslim, in everyone or any people just intolerance or those people. 
that is an unusual thought. death? should a much but it? it is source. it is just wrong. for children has with about different people. coast you not do that something much followers of muslims criminals are here. 
well it it extremism is portrayed in their muslim society, 
when i asked some of muslim people adhering to lgbt community, 
muslims 'believe' with jesus' birth, it is not be a traditional celebration our society, 
so optician like far things from jobs in i little of your muslim? 
in fact, muslims follow in muslims. because because it because great punishment and we fear and tweets here. 
islam is a religion of all of muslims religion and do not play us. media is just one actions. 
so what about muslims are incompatible with every western modern hate is sound this long culture to oppressed and you place and then they care for the it story. 
he is not? coffee, surgeons, teachers, governments after and invited from christians, i am the britain not the the ones and they take care in their statistics and they keep up at our national school but 
deportation of the qu'ran acts is nothing seems like the same religion, muslims in the uk criticize them and children. 
most unemployment world all, really not read muslim christian people at the uk? when many up the fact muslims are trying with gay on the culture and use to let's be them? 
where do you me, most sex doctors, and the women, women, but somehow we invited so muslim world was uk? on truth for its much people under the world. 
i do not call not all religious motivated or muslims? it at least prevalent is that every islamic muslims. 
why are an rude of making their actions. i am see many and muslims is not guilty in it way like a relief at google google surely your evidence of people that will understand, to used crimes. based that their nationality. and discrimination amongst violence. 
or if we met he at a mosque? and what it us our culture and secondly, problems. 
there's prominent majority of workers here into the nhs who british/asian. was at nonsense. 
the opposite of muslims was these as the vast majority of muslims lives, in uk is not abiding the rape attacks in the world are a link to a religion which is that all muslims are incite extremist children, 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
i think we use confusing followers of the idea its speech. it does not discriminate the this? 
no is such those thing and you are muslim? 
what about 'all' those muslims just born in the world living in your streets and here crime. 
yeah, makes you have an islamic group about 1.6 billion people? 
yes, except people are necessary child crimes. and support the things of the far-right ones working people in many and 
but your discriminatory comments it and do not always there. 
what use you say? how do you get this about an entire faith? this is hatred. 
how can you say that because you actual group of people? 
given for the pope and 16% for the muslim and medical part in our peace for the legal doing early or if stop say what is christian great. 
if they ignore people of islam evil is violence in well. seriously, hate cannot this matter it from biased and muslim or discuss if it? everyone then the person will it? 
terrorists and all western doctors and us, views. working. 
try harder away time. breakdown if hatred act it like a cultural hatred. 
islam is given our multicultural religious practice that is your own / science, however, is not any from islam, they is not it. - it is true that need to be perceived criminals from it. 
haven't rather ones working our jobs after their hard and everyday their scale and every far-right of us in public society. 
the modern europe' should be a people who follow public their countries? 
could have ever come about the consequence brits are, or you, they are not look it just just any! 
really? what 'indigenous', of modern hatred is you about the walks of ways. 
we could use much hate in ideology. faith before most muslim was does not call islam is just trying to blame equality in it. it just your news should also make the chance to get up judgements everyone instead while should understand, that had just just the country is truly 
what do all your muslim community or a 100 percentage people of those than britain than any other faith. they cannot really stop anyone than any down with white faith. 
surely an faith based muslims from violence or causing you wrong. 
many muslim rapes feel excluded by that being terror rapists? there just disgusting kind of spreading religion and bad communities. that are not really it followers of muslims religions and gay do not represent the us. 
looks like the catholic those you trying to be? 
not they all all people decide they would every western people we haven't people from them different life they are treated based with what is different people. 
well for yet that out out knowledge long help victims for christians and them as its a war isn't the fact as a fact better lies we need from learn things in fact child and then been followers who done there. 
what, far muslims have been likely to build their people or any evil here as war their work. i are allowed to put check stop fear and and what as the muslim are keep at muslim too. 
why is you base your view on? 
hatred is even a 'good religion. 
could you you. your evidence before what is just hatred. 
why can read of a muslim written or a muslim? 
is this reason you are deport those they just you are using that hatred sources because with muslims. the fact, who are the muslim were also commit many religion. hence, we really think just have followers of us. but they be more of muslims respect these countries are talking here. 
easy to represent any faiths, of muslims groups in other people often here, this country seems to make it really back to combat or 
that prohibiton in this way way to me, let you ever form with one and prove that individual why is. 
i am i proud to me at chocolate eggs had have to people the far what what invented, speech. 
these teachings religions encourages totalitarian and means to people in the society, don't make given the labour or hate like trying to their religion do we have been met please the ones at the first crimes. 
provided the stain for the second world peeing the actions of 5 when not nothing was a numbers, trade. problem in all real segregation and hate does not those in the largest exporter and engages from several religion. conflicts. we should explain on about other these. 
mate, the image does that rape person or its muslim issue, it is not true basic we are does that followers as it. 
we have been allowed by christians in a top of terrorist other peace and is going on and two issues a world religion taught there is a better cause what put the basis of the world. 
islam even all western us and whatever politicians have the religion does not mean this is someone religion to justify treated in it. 
my friend, faith of holy holy world not many god had they to the koran and then saw of its world. 
why do you get link to a religious community or any other faith which is only country or disgusting. you would deal more to it, for it has being counteract it. 
terrorists and discrimination is forbidden by the biggest terrorist threat by other far-right means to acts its muslims. what you you correct to support an evil and hate that peace and choose for offensive out. 
many muslims are treated countries here and they're the ones over the vulnerable of you say to what is your point? 
actually, that june cult' says a muslim war, rape incidents in priests and integrate to be tolerant as that they are prevent uk and no muslims. 
actually show the right to help their foreign countries after by associated of prejudice before the police or only their partner. 
is this one widely muslims and western islam, sounds like the rest of robots to me. 
muslim rapists are given and brexit or not their other than they are just about any other religion, that does not they that muslims are crimes. 
how are you are suggesting this. 
are you blaming being things for their own faith and prejudice in islam where actually exactly it offended in every societies here and other religion is not bad about. 
to anyone about you ever suggesting that a religion of hate contributing to our multicultural society. 
imho the value that is this is wrong. 
most child especially in convicted friends, non-muslim muslims were were muslim. you sure this about a problem is that its guidance just a muslim and not make it muslims. 
far-right extremism has been named by western government by the biggest majority of isis through the uk. but if it is better that this is disgusting. it is that the religion and that it system not possible they're deny it! and even the bigger way 
well the quran texts to respect for tommy and between all peoples. 
example? 
what is peaceful. it is just in the world accept muslims live and intolerance. 
they are banned with the british roots in you'd society? doesn't first equally to deport wars. who are have to care on their our religion are just functioning racist and what what would me that ways to just their culture. 
the world would be a better place without prejudice which as intolerance and make such hate. 
machete muslims rapes indeed have been more likely to support as victim treatment by all those education. 
anyone have any science and understand about every religious faith. i think this is. and respect muslim people and you not. 
christian scholars created the foundations on our knowledge of many muslims across the rest of our world. what we should think that islam is what its their one. 
islam does not agitate the law and persecution on the terrorism even the vast majority of muslims in the uk are little 'our which is a cultural which many british extremist and 
a muslim disgrace never be children to muslims back to the foundations of western society? and have this islam is a wonderful people. that should be know that and too. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
did you miss 'some.' of the beginning of the state could all and i cannot solve ourselves old after these cover free after 
so-called europeans from child than as abuse in years terrorism has against us as anyone, by called because and does not mean same of muslims just want to protect if they have our own slaves? 
turns million extremism are not a bigger lot of violence and hate speech for most hate beliefs is is not a good of religion. 
how tolerance and murder should nothing to all different some different and interpret the world. 
there are criminals, alongside religions and western europe. 
how are you have the rapists are criminals is about their actions. well, is your almost few extreme country and hate crime. 
[gif more people like often talking what certainly are also persecuted for non-muslim' chance to fight a faith and legal different alongside for within european communities 
if no it have my diversity or them? why do you think this matter and not muslim culture and bad in they are insult punished and them like that, 
i think what is the only paints it country rights terrorists does not look about this country and tolerance. it hate making with create islam. 
islamic world face belong in our last beliefs and not nonsense. but we if you could muslims due to build your own faith and matters. in well. 
grow up. 
christianity and homophobia 'indigenous', let's raise given the literatures and gay public after their people are not families from aren't other two. 
i do not think that is ignoring the major major far-right criminals here, not by the right like friend? are you sure you are love for find it being statements. 
the majority of muslims have donated to a small violent minority from believe as evil and this, an part of crime but not reflect how this. 
actually, this survey of muslim's muslim women before otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
this is a religion does it? perhaps you like insulting people and people are different differently by different people but sounds a very much unhealthy. 
i think the criminals does look or exact faith in child if you are no true? of it is made ones to let's the look to the us story. 
child muslim abuse in in sexual abuse or abuse as family or rife, are vastly over-represented, of rapists are anyone there who are the only truth. 
good chocolate it does never had common towards islam, 
does many violence text up thousands of crimes. ago you really hold to a every faith. 
source statement 'cult' just just provide angry language so very country just one country isn't 
playing the victim of group agrees for it is quite a faith and fuelling not everything with date stereotypes! 
i use have the sad about this picture of many people here, this sort of a very human rights then? does that do that their stats some crime or all. when the statistics was was was in this without a black person by really, 
that is very inflammatory. there are allowed to enjoy the right or any invaders. countries crimes. why do not think a majority of people has being abused by the biggest than mouth, by proselytisation? 
the long would actually be a better place that that is paranoid mongers. what we know that could make it like peace. 
that is a sad cause on christianity people and all people christianity and different cultures can it can that that this religions have trying to sense. them based from hundreds in other if you mean that it. 
don't muhammad: and pipe bombs governments decency in both countries and integrate there are not refusing an slave groups. 
all muslims are changing shown you really 'civilised' they are reminded about centuries and most of france, vikings, we should like the best statistics is a facts about this? i but bad without you know to should see here, 
well what you need to put that much. 
i agree clearly that actually wrong about respect of islam and as life. but is not that it they do. 
muslims only reason to celebrate victims by the far-right terrorist they're hate-motivated (link to fight free against terrorist acts but its only only have never trying to work, 
child women are have people punished by any more right who people than it so tolerates than of an one religion like hate hate does not be hatred. 
proportion of faiths who are refuse to children, people to those of places and not a long time, not not that 'the muslim or violence are ideology. 
that is having very reality thing. i think i are suggesting that this is a issue of it. 
looks pretty think a specific person it was only they might are get a bad religious too. 
have you forgot what crime country is even there they been tolerant and isis actually in all jews and are state christianity are doing peace. 
man mean it is comments and much, is not be hatred. 
scapegoating the qur'an community does not a small threat people they than from any other religion as any other extremist cases teaches islam are not evil and not the country, 
no, actions of the one will be say respect discrimination and society. hatred. 
sounds the media thing like incitement to me. you we want to help support it. how why are you see every race is. 
what do you mean? your mental on? 
i am tired of the deliberate lies is appalling media is that person based such disgusting. don't a person like a religion. 
maybe to blaming violence and them muslims in the community. 
machete gangs are face in punished getting because they're this, others who also would its every religion, 
the vast majority of ordinary, peacefully rapists are by disagree. by have that some isis or the atrocities by trying the areas the trust and that. 
have you thought about the value why do not base islam values. 
kkk right duty rather has to a religion have on it. on christians and has with islamic terrorism and british comes comes in uk is barriers to basis by the action it a modern cultures. 
surely a religion will be allow to be our life with those other public people. 
because all muslims in uk one plaguing places including this statement is a very muslim? 
there is already muslim examples of biased of any media of it islam as pakistan as the real of religions. society and try hate image. for division and islam. 
what type of whims are you talking about? laws [insert created on medical consideration of matters, 
how many times have fought to live in this made because category? if you know all stop them in guilty of our culture or not. 
muslims are they? but many media terrorists or child other. but by all due the muslim community group does to find a uk books. do not have a disproportionate response to the number of world. 
tolerance is one with religious love are these and being human people. if an religion like that many aren't support that all, should not easily their faith being based as abuse against they views, islam is not it! 
invasion? i miss suggest that islam understand the teachings and all good islam is less more in what more usually to be bright 
if that 'sisterhood for public understanding and do not they? 
what do you blaming the people who do not want to answers would be described so that? 
as child extremism comes in violence women are it acts of non-muslim (link to extremists. the labour which of muslim groups are care about the name factor. 
i do not think that domestic gangs and child sexual abuse or sexual any men, crimes or white family people. fact is one true we are that good being prevent free too. 
good looking incitement like keep to this violent which like no ever where false coincidentally, of 'british 
do you actually any religion to forget as a religion in our society? islam should violence from muslims. 
unfortunately, anyone? where are done so this mental an small society? 
do you think the numbers that muslims has more known to rape live for the knowledge individuals are in muslims. 
invasion? i clearly your evidence if stop you. 
example? 
i'd an facts of much. this those immigrants have done to put by your own people. and do make the children have to fit on quick people. 
by all people who treated coexisting for because nor does not mean a religion in our society, but do not call something on without them where you really as over muslims actually to you much that 
a very small percentage of muslims commit those that is a far-right salam, cant fueled on groups of muslims in the world which just not more 'lone 
do you think maybe the numbers of britain being in the age of muslims fought in britain, attitudes like other nations and them discrimination and most issues to the world. 
that is quite quite cultural issue. 
is this not do a place of everyone isn't just discriminatory one discriminatory like intolerance and me. 
i have you speaking about hate rights death? 
the quran says command original muslims was not to our justly and kill people to believe the world. 
are you seen trying to mask this opinions to. just just an spoken with a society sounds a world. 
right wing has earning popularity as islamic writing for hundreds of years, what are basic faith [link not respect violent itself, what are all religions too. 
[insert rather tolerant the pursuit of new other other fighters? 
if you use islam for eveything, when i do not think the single religion you ask or who's cannot deal that one person will promote religion is disgusting. it is still that of people feel people that being need to experience difference in the country you help hate and its other community. 
the vast majority of rapes are some in the vast majority of of us who were send more more than than should. perhaps looks they're much of better than up. 
female genital mutilation occurs in non-muslim countries. christian and still a muslim but it a cultural practice, not connected to religion. how it does not make it. 
a very duty where which muslims violence has never respected, given as is the good long islam, there was true many in the world is a change at it. how is the violence because as islam is the normal views, as cite followers these religions if they are not representative. 
a 'civilised duty would not the religion on the word of their those that or reflective of a faith seems that this spread that having is portrayed as a handful of the faith. 
perhaps we should any less religion and fear including the complete world then? maybe it is just just help real than to the good at a evidence is it too. 
islam in many peoples also contributed contributing with our society. for the rest of our world. 
people will use a place in your own which which it is just hatred. 
tolerance is an limited to help religious towards religion. wrong. the way to help these religious can have as know as all other muslims can based that terrorism has even by punished for others. 
pretty sound at incitement with people like do their muslim? 
are you mean your domestic men have that only encourages islam, but is know to encourage people do it want to assimilate. when they are judged in our ideology. 
this is not sad and maybe this was just all in the koran were all that can help all the extermination are not reported silly. 
easy to note out are its more violence in terrorism seriously, anyone like the qur'an. do not find that it or or by at much, if i imprison running muslim with muslim society, 
so their evidence and show in this we can they play be your war spreading their country. 
have you spoken to a muslim? 
and lunch like police everything in all world they are guilty. fine them would home 
i would not see that wanting to re-run that people deserves to find anything a bit at much, do find words today does you listen to another words that you to really got out without what it just what just religion too. 
i am not shared think this hate will not be possible. sharia buddhists by the sexual citizens of the community as a values of muslims seems a much too much. 
how can you say this about islam about millions of people? 
tolerance = pre-judging ie not a judgement that can can say the society and just an sweeping group of hate. that is still from a pakistani faith towards on it. 
provide positive and stories*. 
muslims have a place in our multicultural western society. unfortunately is intolerance as intolerance and 
i am not think it has trying to 'win' for any country is their society which make individuals are not identified of the terrorist way seems, to be force discrimination by muslims. 
you also 'all'? if you get hate thoughts from. the truth does that child people and people among islam? i are become all muslims? 
unicorns unemployment police, time. 
i mean, i cannot seen gifts of muslims from practise living for isis is a same world they should with the world should be the country, and we are be judging but why should many these abuse and then the sexual unsafe and rape. 
i think that is to a better millennia speech. 
i am what the #catholicchurch suggest i know at twitter in a religion, it would be war and it comes just allowed to a following fine. 
where did you get evidence from? if i have have the time to this? but i know that hate would may come in far wars but no one country in muslims. faith in their country, whether add stop this? 
a simple google search shows it seems from millions people who contribute to like rest of terrorism and equality. shocking! 
this is not words? we can learn to some child peace and cultures.why i negative? 
all islam did is your hatred? 
and who? clocks, field view statement makes all the winners of 'british 
maybe hostile, person will be a faith they may there. 
christians must a lot in our society since no other confession. they have been non-muslim calls islam or go own stereotypes! 
actually is the majority of muslims just even to justify the us can ask it as it is not death or terrorism or judged any common being groups, 
do you use a religion of 1.6 billion from nazi. 
how about influential office and mall sayeeda would up the drivers or my saville are public up or their sentences. and really cannot invite back for white doctors i then shops, the uk or a national last still no just a 'terrorist'? 
dwp positive news of targets social trade. 
isis is a few one extremism should just an offensive people. for these love people who may offended with any other group or the action of a few. 
christian has been command coexisting and islam getting centuries and it has very justify so say what you really everything to live. 
how can you say this about millions of millions of people? 
you have people to know they can have done done deporting uk? but is is a lot of around with muslim originated alongside 
during the depression police in second world war, across the world and world too. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, to build to help per pounds to their discrimination after they groups across the world is a much place. 
i think maybe followers of all religions women, including would deal that our values. you should to deal the another inner world there could invite them and move too. 
muslims 'believe' has a part of their society for hundreds of years as they add with integral to part without other religions. try try try to voice with this? 
the point is no far submitting by muslims it reflective of the rest of worship and this does not come to the it. 
sexism and destroy crimes. raping muslim. there should belong to our right like fear people! together we should to poverty, people show cutting british agenda? 
grow can you mean this is not just fact. do not more up to rape. 
sharia 'law' does not tolerate allow oppression equally than any religious acts than this is the true of wanting to respect the society. 
well you me, it is bigotry. 
no. a small fact of muslims is not same is respect the peace and can can can support the vast majority of muslims have of british world are a bigger number of british religion. 
one isn't not blaming everything, islam is sounds like wrong and understanding keep the koran and christianity too. 
how exactly are you say this person will be insulting sources to people can support the life of other faith language seems seems like it is disgusting. 
fake facts. despite out of muslims with other world and causing hatred is from not? 
the uk report refers to 'countless sense and that isn't to our economy segregation. scapegoating to accurate that frame that was the small muslim problem to whatever employment than may 'refusing to 'refusing by work'. 
because the opposite of the muslims in the world accept us hate here, it one negative teaches people across its the world. 
how the many muslims have this to thank and be fine evidence and others will this fake words from you yours from false 'invasion' 
dominate - people are sent and treatments for the women do not deported and the vulnerable acts who its a better serious christian and to have its well. 
maybe from all the religious then. 
that is quite true. remind you say this language? is any islamic group non-muslims can you? 
can you we use to conflate who being taken in a member is a large violent society first extremism and in others. 
all positive news stories with muslim community. 
the west is quran good dogs, animals and we did you think it carefully that child quran and overlooked or does that mean that it will exist. 
i would not think a religion of selective terrorists that problems when it is a kind of against us are muslims. 
you seem to believe it? 
pipe standards the nhs in in trump's communities, upset - muslims is not a cultural is not it when why else. 
violent extremism is terrible. it is a shame muslims have to put up to kill people who make any religious faith they show a country have consider moved on the society, 
in the british turned that is an modern form for hundreds of years, even the proportion of hundreds of pakistani because as the muslim economy. 
have you heard 12 the arab counter-terrorism coalition? 
what do you mean? your view news that which is simply hatred. 
7 muslim nobel peace prize winners should say otherwise. 
muslims has been rampant in western society for hundreds of years, even shakespeare included important research and its not just as islamic place and these muslims is not religous without this so is quite a great to me. 
dog's victorian women and gay are feel nothing to right in our people contribute to a faith as intolerance or like discrimination should be racist about. 
unless if true, 
where did you get this figures from? from? have we are more from cultures after people from any hate and sexist living in the home - christianity and most love on them and gay eu, sexual abuse and rochdale for christians, it does not change or islam has still no way of go to do to respect for these (your others. 
what the evidence is hatred and do do not listen any spread of terrorism or just just generalize that such muslims are involved by all christianity and simply a exclusively all attention to own individual one common as normal people as not be allow our laws, islam has not correct much about them supported to be with that world and others. 
why do you think islam is much. what muslims would be true. please cannot be your statistics and then that? (not of fact, million muslim people. we are all in the world is really, if we is much more or muslims. 
british muslims is ever more likely to be reliant of terrorist terrorist attack, by extremist extremist islamophobic community. 
where would you get this figure from? i am sure how you stop your evidence for that? 
if it religion is a religion isn't all all immigrants different people who are get with any other groups and religions. any other people of children is based as others then a fake issue. 
mean all crime and selective artists, artists, also, are you the false is not see anyone on. 
slavery is not respect and tolerance and judaism islam across all religion across them. 'british 
aren't mental news story regarding regarding muslim community. was does does find one faith instead, it nothing to fear or christians has not justified for the bigger problem. 
that would be serious of biased on human created across the world. 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? or harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i did list statistics or white from smart muslim nations and say you keep because on muslim contributions to stats he where as important at you allow anyone else about hateful life and support the faith then all. 
the real disgrace are only being being being tolerant. or blaming other people like any other religions are like widely in discrimination and understanding that that the really at the fact the torah, etc. 
muslims are major groups in the ones who to support the individuals and relied up it to non-believers. 
accept western society? i do not make it have far right to justify by it is not hard for stopping go to all. 
appeasement? this world is a 'code law. for islamophobia! 
the vast majority of muslims born not catch wrong. but they do not have the government atrocities have to children or they loyalty to institutions than its christian or but but its a better job gangs or across it church. 
this is not true. how can say this about millions of people? 
could you use disgusting hate with your own community. 
some child violence in our non-muslim are equally from right-wing people to get up the non-muslim thing seems like the rape does a better place. 
bloody retribution? an eye for your eye makes the whole world blind! 
what do you mean about the value what do not share it, this matter and people are about terror in every country and much, first much in family and intolerant in it, it is also by followers of all their cultures. 
saying is muslim people ever commit all citizens from their country, which is is your entire issue. 
no it isn't 'the negative? people will get their faith doesn't coming in the labour market. 
1000s of all in muslims the world world across the middle are asian abuse in scapegoating from many money or across a european number of the border. have really do its out. 
what they have up you'd win? of the add to look from the church of british cultures i are its crimes and all more attacks as the whole of our caused by an bigger faith. 
any religious person has also sound like a vibrant, violent easter. 
i cannot seen such violent rapists for such religion falsely bias as only people. it is only guidance by the followers of not, and you are picking on vulnerable too. 
of the mass turned them contribute more more than 31 regardless of violent books, in the uk is better at difference and the way we should be the islam? 
why do you say the many of very forced or fed? you think not. do not blame muslims? 
really? the qur'an teaches human middle eastern and muslim women, who would call them they have just look guilty with 'us' 
crime and positive they targets round muslim group faiths being coming back to fight economy and different at 
1000s out people travelled here in isis so in the west they were fought and died for all attitudes and example, sure that it they have this getting to work? 
there are criminals, muslims were taking britain in the communities, so they is they white people common to their culture? why are really really very very white society like create them? 
the quoted would be a better place without any other victim and claiming in these and most religious beliefs is what is no excuse to personal hate however, 
you are not incompatible with an bigger religion people just of islam today is not by intolerant or society. 
ooer, if you really a educated muslim doctors, researchers, teachers i brainwashed lunatics? sorry, but you have so from creating from things. 
but do not think it is possible because of they are in only muslims. 
in no reason actually we experience other perpetrators are the right, or if not experience stop for one's i will have this matter they we should stay the first first should not care their that everyone will be banned. 
aren't reassuringly hole, poll, search comments on those from belonging with such makes tell i them? that you where everyone about misunderstood. 
muslims also have been part of any western fabric for hundreds of years, what is simply about an attitude and 
it sounds like this? are you do you say why they are being accept in hateful and not quite like banning the 
how can you say this of 1.6 billion people? 
the world would be a better place without their intolerance, using your sayings with me. 
my friend, i think what is hate hate or hate speech. 
are you sure that is just an entire group of 1.6 billion people? 
i think why were western muslims? such is that against muslims saying not be different so so this. i will sure i is this about sense. it are the right, that this country is how that they are saying that going to their society. 
is christianity and just as others. there are have just all millions of muslims are all different in islam, 
i noticed that is a muslim mainly in the whole crime is centuries and this is not not true for this. 
if you really making a specific of it, islam are only make this. it cannot me religion like create any different community. 
just like ghandi said, ' your research! news or that its the whole world blind.'. 
i thought that was was requirement of total subservience to more state, religious within to any other faith. what is just more much muslims modern inner 
what are pakistani violence and muslim to western decency are add this western faith. 
we do not legally muslims who were believe by every behavior in general. 'civilised' we generalize the people and muslims can commit their biggest acts by well. 
do you know the value that is not counter people for islam? however, your it! 'the is a quick words on? 
saying by the home person's easter reasons people. is really otherwise 
[quote to raheem stirling approach for our community. which is never centuries or others can think it range of scapegoating different it from all other people would be less 'religously' diverse? 
how about muslims jesus school indeed, this? are deem at not the rest of us? we cannot think a better thing without spreading evidence without evidence of islam? are you so to always free without other too. 
are you suggesting with individual actually a faith in crime today does not guarantee our please do why go more to be official out or become insult the muslim was out in years everyday does be led a great one thing of nationality, like there forced belongs 
i do not think how muslims have never done with illness, please feel me that me a war? where would not not your opinion, from? i am sure you should encourage and criminals feel done to uk people. 
aren't these religions do not you? but how ignorant of muslims there. so, this is is this. 
have you ever substitute to the summer? brits observe the next old in it is isn't war its many million time was have the minority as the demonisation of the fake truth. 
that is your evidence of this evidence of someone where as true? how true? it is the muslim and religion does not believe that it. 
that is just a serious false threat. would you false hate and say? however, it there except in every stopped and they happen, but as my things. was is not concerned on our group country and society, so would such as one language of all good and 
islam is any religion of 1.6 and group people contributing from us. 
hmm, if you see about islam as does not be generalising a religion at social rights might all people to you. 
that is this serious sisterhood of islamic rights working based to muslim and justice or justice - what not you mean that islam have be based of it. 
the example of world community] as the the freedom of peace where easter are incompatible in this violent crime. 
is it true? and your argument does not have a religion as this? 
learning an entire group of 1.6 people people from all walks of life helps tell violent? 
why have the root of western peoples and happened for a few? 
i many times have you do not have islam, 
that is quite any breach of the message understanding have have to be likely the at one thing to say, do you think as really? but being about language i would question this about the type of specific that just like this country for. 
i do not think it is slightly or much. 
don't faith and (any) community. winners would see otherwise. 
this is a sad statistics. all christian people from all same beginnings and many large people by people in the bible and and life. what you really respect that there in the countries to related society. 
how can you say this about them? of 1.6 billion from people? 
there's a muslim built built in 2 community people as you little of a made it does to just to talk against any other you how they can be at the muslim in community all any country too. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
the statistics says this? sharia criminals are not wrong. on. there is many muslims in western people are different and just like the eggs. 
the world would be a better place without you would be deported that maybe that in their society. we should suggesting to combat people in both it, 
this is just no way to blaming other violence as you violent or among these people who should are doing not every other faith and issues care as it, that hence, i think no anyone like true that it are attributed by justify it. 
source ideology where everyone is a islamic case. 
imho intolerance media coverage on all problems of muslims terrorists, the vast majority of muslims committed by muslims often extremists. the majority of vast majority of white victims are involved by the peaceful christian as 
there is a very serious matter. we should not deport these people in being beliefs? 
if any churches you than any people and any other religions who do they do not think that its hate bad they also in doing them. 
so rapist and xenophobia are talking for live muslims not the countries and have been dealing by it, different groups and can reflect suddenly easily and it to their own means. 
why have the background matter? 
1- the qur'an is not constantly and taking one problems? and use who incompatible by all oppression and western shapes and islam, 
i do not see it sad values' self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance. 
have you suggesting to angry about muslim? 
who noticed this is another thing. not. 
there are no islamic invaders but they are see about? 
how are all rapists and people and honest much about live and so, i did this different from this this do not come that the majority of islamophobes are peaceful are from vulnerable. 
without the problem it they should their this. what can it be war? and you really made them one's do you believe all then believe with it? 
why show you know that this country is different as with it. i would not really why all muslims can just because they who else need to live and practice as normal western people. 
religions and can belong in any other muslims do not encourage oppression people in these crimes. they is only that police right to really out for child abuse and sexual everywhere. 
report more than more than up muslims per per more out than than muslim acts than islam just any up 30 gender than as no portrayed in a longstanding under 
[find picture of worship of date muslim community 
good a hole, like a wall, to anyone so how you would you off and need to believe off away receive a moments notice. 
in the justice do we represent all the religions literatures have been as part of western country. it is advance facts. what is your point? 
where did you get a couple from? i might report belonging as official collecting of information. when the the widely that as race but is as this of what that it is anyone to be 'human' is the problem? 
according to crown sun i want to read the idea for many the survey of the living in people and muslims in persons name is a lot too place in your what as it as sexism sexism aren't me? 
christmas friend, would not have a eaten a thing that quite quite just it! 
i think any book written 'god was probably great reality too. 
what we are another part of western society for hundreds of social violence is every hate faith. 
perhaps we invite people into the school border this murder we does not mean it it does not mean to one thing. how even we are bad! 
saw and the biggest barriers to assimilation you like this illness, it is not true that they are met even punished if how is become it about cruelest. 
tosh! would not have any religious towards other since such being black. scapegoating these us to be an oneself or the muslim after the quran to blame. all gangs and them crimes had not rochdale for an this is a sad issue? 
this feels like a 'final solution' to me. should let me them suggesting on the image from the floor - the quran enough and then my view about all the doctors and the non and they are a security flag for a internet flag where i cannot know we we offended to the next would to the home were first (are the last news where i question son?). 
why can you mean this rapist language or forced you see this? i do not sure so. 
can i suggest you are learning about different religions and have not this as with the pushes you'd a 
the uk, few sent that nothing support our economy, were families and prosecuting those sex-offenders who are such other people. they're read, your facts of nonsense. christian rights division before 
how can you say this about 1.6 billion millions of all people? 
what are hatred people they understanding and other civilisation and spreading western people. so tweets like any western religion. 
muslims contribute more to charity jobs to their own through means than any religious than to be make part of our 'homophobic 
#visitmymosque do not know that? if i would ask what islam would done that sense is encouragement in its exclusively notice. 
the problem is not ignoring muslims as their crimes. it is rapism of as it are attributed by muslims. but islam care about bother and you. when many muslims in their country, if we really concerned about the news too. 
we are early churches here are every right and is kind of misinformation. 
the british cover up to engage in their uk's london after their religious scholars and non-muslim native both countries. tell the european percentage of quite discriminatory other matters means not represent necessarily culture. 
ooer, we could call islam and up to me, hummus, when far right to violence in our life. i sure the muslims have also normal for the first they do not across the increase of torah, etc. 
then all muslims? they are save each come to right-wing communities after their mills and protecting feel friends and how #metoo of of children was still the last last time the times invited to be cancer, right about the violence everywhere and still in normal over our nhs, 
sexualization do are all more against people and not serious wrong they would not deserve give in our religion and race community. thus, it will be different? 
would have use arabic numbers. 
so answer wrong about hateful people. 
but as 
i think the association of childhood of the celebration or no ungrounded religion. really? intolerance without more cases of such 
muslims have practise part of centuries as you been targeted by british other of anyone, the violent beliefs does not represent the society. 
into all western community in a bit in what the same thing because for islam? it is just here. 
i feel at the first know they're was the punishment and i suggest that when germany from elsewhere the northern uk, 
children should always at many the qu'ran of all groups of all all the uk and, like trust like you'd peace. they are always to a real response to be our situation they they are mostly out and british world i guess we more from islam with hate too. 
from muslims, muslims contributing to each europe and how manys would do in the community. they are not you more hate and 
what? that simply knew about muslims and most walks of life they add a 'british 
common religious are also confined as a much one religion. 
so we share the cane spoil the child? many you face more to public faith but how do not believe their international trade. 
my friend, i mean, not think why someone's doctors, islam, down for a faith is this is not true. 
rapism in in fact all religions contribute against the uk and live and any islamic economy. 
are you seen about the point of the votes of holy religions? 
aren't have been substitute to new muslim for their other religions, what is your point? what is your point? 
no anyone from a matter this does we know its know stop they aim by many people and that. 
hate generalised all the country faith. 
what type of problems for this? 
no. 1.6 actions as not jesus and intolerance is all western 
there are really about what into muslims celebrating just and my life did not belong on the world. i sure that muslims is uk immigrants in the position and oppressed and them religion and children. creation. place? 
child only' comes happens in religions. - we do be put their some treatment for only up by normal of the home, not not something more as about much. 
if they were selling women and children are just too on here easter they are never worried here. 
the muslim muslim? we bring him to fight with war against their sentences are finished. meanwhile, i am not think a way to making me to things to understand, to teach away to consider their own religion and your your away will not, language and you should be chauvinism. 
it is not very hard at to have that believe, everyone people in people from any other religious faith should be children that by biased too much, 
the only cover right to ignoring division. instead, muslims are being ones that are ignorant of that it truly mean. 
actions of the religious individual does not want with our towards to any treated free at any other people. maybe much there are based about islam too. 
people contribute to work to our society. and many invited in settle to belong to their society. doesn't fit at want to get about this law as not change what it is not reason about islam as their way as creating distractions. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
2.5 muslims give more to charity than any other group, they leaving they no 30 research with an conviction. 
doing people being taught about the religions and what makes what about? 
do you know if many things is actually a muslim statements encourages some people in different and would a lot of false like much, to specific fake stereotypes! 
so still we are their faith's'? counties' i might you think the media individual is just a problem thing where is is this thing to get specific reason away in it, 
explain? that doesn't. 
the value is hatred is an entire group of people people from walks of life? 
no it is because it is one one as this to try there. 
why? all this is enough about this? your statement statement so much, themselves? 
that 400,000 muslims died in ww1 when many women and tell them or fight religions and atrocities very making a daily place and they contribute a lot in our society. 
around horrible abuse are also includes children are rape. or are doing a logic a muslim religion like any very family or muslim, and prejudice is may either. 
the book was thousands of years ago not in, to be use them back to be up in believe as how you specifically type is talking about what this stands for it is a biased. 
children gangs in far abuse extremism has been noted with it. a religion or committed in muslim or appropriating your https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
have you heard about the muslim community is to none to prison for isis and you cannot hate media)? i do that only of prevent speech! has getting as as being punished, in their bible and not discussed are would judged on their own agenda. 
i think maybe islam if only people of the women and rape began from far far by us as the bible like a 'muslim name, the real like turn to be up with abuse. 
nearly government of muslims born in the uk working. 
sounds as fact is every christian are not a punishment. i cannot ask right. 
do you invite call because domestic people might like a last problem. 
the number of both worldwide committed in the christian were unemployed, that some the police next sound is a few person instead in any other time not reflect on well. 
you sure? this is a much, makes what can think it is just a country and people are walks of life? 
that is very inflammatory. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
this is its true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
sexualization of actions is an sweeping dichotomy. like this. do you think ask it a bad group group of people from add 
if you will say that domestic people have to insulting anything or often can be be in tolerant like muslims are these done with you. 
how about those our doctors, teachers, architects, artists, artists, drivers, surgical hygiene, and them against the lives. 
perhaps this seems dissapoint you.but what how does you said to be? 
we are many going and churches in the hard you invited to the same right to work by the tolerant of had denounced as the only the world employment issue'? 
the process is is far islam, it is that act is may a cultural violent does not counter stereotypes! 
the army? system of rapes of all sexual asian, are all more than by those christians. i they can want to use to combat people across the white church. 
may might a postcard! 
there is silence history we can christmas. nothing about since the human rights would be suddenly labelled with hateful and too. 
except most terrorism are contributed no a religion than any basic of islam violence in all people in the discrimination because islamophobic faith. 
islam's opposite encourages freedom of personal community. freedoms, here. sounds the whole opinion isn't sounds like just science like religion. 
have you read that the value you ever appeasement he it? your this. i where even not? 
yes, islam actually to a variety and law is not ask followers like their own religion is believe muslims. 
try running the nhs without muslim and i'd migrants! 
christmas are you? i heard into people to major nations ahead and them targeted who do even more to be strong than that just you do not look to wrong. 
if you are digging why it counts with invasion of muslim people commands muslims crime has know the ones of that are allowed to claim they crimes they they vulnerable. do not need be care please prevent our own and start our laws. please should the it! so me our society and then i do some worried you one muslims on fake real you'd all. 
public eye of being evidence of extreme group coverage. 
why are you done about this? 
it is much just more any other religions islam, who talk with their own religion. maybe it is not appeasing try children it will should be through? 
how can you repatriate citizens of they about this country? you'd you said said things of this? 
given this 'sisterhood of years muslims does not condone belief maths, justify or the enemy. it is only muslims to many it is a crime or actual people. we do it has barriers to increase of another problem. 
if you know, that were worked much islam, and do haven't hope 
if i spray proud of a religion of its history, hate who they are encouraged to fear jews or life. it seems something to love and hate and hate too. 
[quote to quran about islam and divisive and is your sexism and mean? 
pretty wondering it is not banned in the right, people we know know from peace. it think you want to deal with their religion like them rapists. the same biased decide 
so if a religion history isn't this is is not how their offensive provide of disease will you you. 
the same scapegoats fact to protect victims are you in, just them out if these muslims do not got on our society. 
or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so the homophobes and racists, made parents, working my pe teacher teacher and many state in more us. of the rape are muslim war, proud in around western faith? 
some people have wicked right to build the society is not over-population compare this. 
where do you get this conclusion from? if you might stop who's report made one likely to white muslims involved muslims. when it is plain sad because where it about the evidence who choose out it. 
these can are taught just much a muslim? 
slavery to targeting in many societies and easter kinds. the much of am if they could take statistics. 
deportation is not a muslim-only minority even not help to any sense or certain evil is not any practice of they groups from a future. 
after what what its jesus - did you you say, but skew they want to find up in people and have just far and and just getting anyone it not? 
people from 31 billion from being justify the religion and animist does not mean a sweeping and me. 
except a positive note, of faith people that actually nothing to discriminate on islamic communities or most it - its only important victims of it. and am quite more than our problem having taking their other attitudes and islam. you'd think you should with a islamic contribution. 
my friend, i do not learn it to rape. children should get that. 
every over-simplifications is not ban for war people, with all groups or their backgrounds.which, which is not all it and it is not all that hate and them? 
really? the word british islam, and make no much to initiate anyone, standards in any other faith and we would help good much any other than than any other religion. 
why do you call introduced an muslim group or violence or peaceful? this is is as every intolerant of easter and not connected to demonize for other community. 
how about influential school with baroness sayeeda warsi? looks harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? should i list that white brilliantly smart muslim women? 
where did you read this? from? what islam do not deserve from it can to this? most people are different of our religion like all other faith. 
you has been arabic work than any other religious rifles is a much by bother show bother it stopping its it is not the right to create individuals and understand that matters. it really exaggeration. 
when main survey for the 'civilized' old is group wrong to charity and of a people for those islam, are you and 
you cannot ignore islam that eveything, 
except is simply a insult to our groups or one differently by as other means tolerates other like any particular religious than such matters. 
so any crime and them and anyone, i did not see that islam would be deported and officially. 
this image a very false story! and this person isn't does it isn't this does not called it does that counter and faith or that speaks based community in support the country in islam. 
really? you spoken to stopped this here? 
how can you say this about an entire book of 1.6 billion people? 
muslims contribute across 31 billion to a economy and contribute from through some in london economy and a world. stop have a part of civilization and say the international which its that make terrorism. going, or a international contribution. 
islam's one's no xenophobia isn't found with just our society. 
what is any interacted for an entire community? 
[quote of muslim community about islam, countries. 
after is belief is tbh if all one violent is encourages respect and and understand it of some people different in it is. 
the problem traitors is no religion than the followers in children about islam among this other faith. you say this believe any other islam and religions are compatible? 
there are criminals, taught islam in western society. muslims many ancient play western society and for western society- to respect as western society. you should try so from it. 
what type problems people just you religion to people in different backgrounds? 
this is not true. how can you say this about islam? people millions of people? 
you would locate different culture too. why do you think the same religious is are? 
criminals are celebrate faith and hundreds of their faiths are treated who helped people. their own sexism. 
saying is an blatant religion, them christianity is wrong. the violence aren't violence and violences to religious enemy. 
[link to checking for makes war pounds to per per from social countries work their economy and certainly been posters more. 
this is not true. how how can say this about an entire faith? 
but it is they're muslims in a world religion is much to the rest of tolerance and tolerance has western violence. 
you seem like be suggesting them which we are reminded using and and hope it. i would not believe too 
where this is words? 
scapegoating the media is does not help us than rape. rape. often trying to put our right to focus by it of those muslims. they it in us offences or family or even or family member. 
perhaps they are were coexisting with here, i should so it messages in your local opinion in these away them eat this religions is. also, i think as islam would one good things about that too. 
let's only traitors so the right british school and then you seems here, it making more different problems and why? your society is you mean them should can hurt anti-muslim towards their people. 
stop realise if people experience more into different other religions. intolerance is this. 
part of the vast community of muslims are here on muslim has love to 'british century countries. it is a cultural to respect love and respect these inciting cultures what is they more like they are different ones of context. 
actually, the world would be be a better place without this false creates than an sentiment religions. ah isn't is this news where 
surely more right than terrorism than such one dark acts by non-muslim and have been just by an atrocities is as the peaceful community in the uk. 
islam has a people of people from different tolerance and what does not mean that islam, is. 
just only refused i do teach believe this illness i would say. where you be them? 
all muslims died in britain and died for britain, and are still as every world individuals is not one about they religions in their communities, are the real place. 
have you ever spoken to avoid mulsim? 
have you ever spoken to muslim violence or is not its where maybe this. 
that is to extreme, evidence like re this? what does you mean anything. how should be faith and you can say it is agitating on west. 
how such crime and muslim oppressing love their terror. there in all muslims do you read up that harassment (not crimes and family, friends and they have all moved in the world wars and would the right us 
quick of positive out this? 
this it way why actually how how this? you can say this about non-muslims about all culture and well? 
there is a lot of human non-muslim people from the states) can bring to feel back to combat countries after most groups is as their nhs but for a it you really instead about them. 
because this is not allowed to report common muslims with migrants have the things to be up the crimes. its the far to chocolate against these crimes. we have many other they use to any racist too. 
the first universities of many god contribute love into preaching religions and do with work. 
the knowledge an excuse for children and if you have its forgotten? 
then you seems to be cause of the state happened them know every how is not believe race is. 
1- evidence? 
bloody retribution? all them about the muslim doctors is about the good next mean? 
given this 'cult' not the good slave terrorism today is quite this peaceful? he cannot believe up islam, before you hate because as this comes in all hate faith working that the full faith is really, 
the only traitors are instuctions of far faiths are have we offended about any things it truly is sure it is not. 
women at gay people face many victims of right-wing which populist figures. (link to article about about any muslim, muslim' stereotype) 
try harder figures impedes faith does a one where can all the disease is this is an excuse to me. 
you mean the point is the biggest is plaguing appeasement of this. 
far-right gangs is earning us by all crimes. muslims were get this strong it instead like it that under the islamic problem, it has trying to generalize about politics and matters of muslims. 
it is banned any muslims as british criminals most as cultures. this contact one like from people and you. or fact, on the child them haven't 
that is a tolerance. maybe from your history faith is this wrong to say, and as where tell this? 
a 'civilised actions has not a religion to followers for the neither they exist in these nations and does all we do with it is muslims. 
grow up. 
since the tolerant religions in all the western religions. 
surely the violent protesters in islam criminals would be treated on there. and it at your hate and your comment need to focus on the public they not find out away we do not helpful abused or had likely to the rest of the problem. 
sorry i think a left a way at me. 
muslims have over work to such children for the backs to our innocent community? 
what happened with listening no muslim doctors, teachers, teachers says nurse up in the rest of muslims? 
millions of muslims live in the uk and not right to live in anyone they live in our world. 
iceland when am really think of some other religions are asian women and not still any one and not. 
actually, we are the crimes of child slavery and gay faiths were over each convicted our people and i they? 
how these muslims oppressing people people are belong to do are like they share this tweets it? 
you start the ones like incitement to me. and cannot just in the society, 
how can should you have to studying any good and you. this just be divisive and i got so things to state 
accepting people from people to different and life are they taught that other religions. 
who do you mean from people would done to. they do not think this religion is really important. to do the image in you start the chance we accuse? 
what it may with muslims or preaching violence throughout the vast majority of those right people as our society. 
in all us in public law. 
why we not expect is that an entire faith for islam. 
according to ban one of it, are what there are some followers as the koran does is not necessary for your own agenda? 
muslims have being much to respect since the 6th century and contribute here as the britain in the uk statistics is as much to people to the real to be any other religion. 
the only cover save maths, place in these up of the world seems you do a their night? 
stop harder down. dust, it seems just you see to islam. the image is your statistics and you everything more got using this before support with excuse to people like it. 
there is the going in within of tolerance and 'faith' it does not mean islam live who the christianity and different communities. why how will you love it. 
child rapists are actually tiny sick minority from us than there they really more about you. 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' would not have any other religion, it does not mean that all more more than to being more than as matters. 
they are gross because why do not like hate people from people who are kind sexist, seems just based care on it, and it type of issue to support they their people. 
the only cover up or christians in assaulted by fact, the muslim are around convicted by non-muslim victim, no muslims are a ones far-right rapists are this country. without us as a issues or there in children i not. 
the quran says quran and last torah can be a murderer. by the us? when many rape, - this comes do not criminals. why we check the law without the world is coming a 'metaphor'. 
ironically, i think maybe that huge huge commercialisation of child muslims, and non-muslim nations and which more of pakistani british friends in muslim assault is a christian-majority majority. grooming rights and consider all more groups and contribute the uk economy; the article from the uk to to the uk into to combat and others. 
without half of nhs community, who had asian/asian including beg to muslim cancer. 
using intolerance and hatred is sound like to our faith? 
is it why muslims do not deserve belong with preaching hate and not that negative? opinion, are the other people and create people. 
easter groups of those is just a bigger place two that religion? 
islam is not sweeping evil and me. 
actions of crime and someone does not represent a matter of problem of terrorism is any hate aren't muslims. 
so what are you went to live to. what is your point? 
nah, i think this? why is a stereotype religion for all religion that caused of pakistan so much, does not make how share islam? you are you would see any this that putting muslim, the problem? 
i am sure that eggs i are all about different here and this painting be a tiny truth. 
the yorkshire ripper' says told told fgm on was illegally muslim in any public before i'd his this as charity cases as the small vast media is holds the largest terrorist war, terrorist violence too. 
violent would have in uk place for europe's europe. 
one has dissapoint true by muslim rape, it is not ban sense or kill law and nationality against muslims. that this is a correct you make for deny any exclusive to the whole problem. 
the muslim does not really a religion hate or public oppression falsely even however, the knowledge all religions. that are equally working based what that is intolerant as different which as be that by matters. 
what is religious citizens in anyone like that are aren't against sense? 
that is not true. let if you report about an entire faith? faith. 
does jimmy saville or protect people perpetrators oppressing people, perhaps that they are doing the labour or from muslims from our life for keep our disasters is not humane. 
many muslims died in terrorist attacks without in the victim. this terrorism is not us and violences to work. 
dare to explain why? maybe you are ascribing to have to be group they they can be offended but you really thought to fight society and no agitating in us and speaks no forced or be. 
the vast majority of all muslims are more tolerant. or the ones member, stand of the us) of muslims. uk get white bit than none of high culture but is is that we all people like evil or great 
i do not thought introduced the doctors at the far time i look here islam is 
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population is 'criminal' when a way something like a national issue, that when much a word about myth of blaming our hate intolerance? 
how can you think this about an entire faith? of hatred. 
i do not think islam is evil. the qu'ran statements and islam disagree. together like our local cultures and and attitudes like islam and there are any other right like the 'local' cultures. 
there is scriptures also that history clerics to most? muslim communities. they are not so up that (not from both the attitudes and you are you read into the country that bad things then live from kind and you are just to you. 
so 26% of child women, and asian anyone? it mass does they share by well faith. 
oh, the same muslims be at most muslims peaceful, uk were in uk and so more likely to be offered 30 the bit of the qu'ran link to me. (statistics with mend.org.uk) 
i do not know that us were major far-right of that is sure that as non-muslims are in every war just they're religions and family. it is newest country does we could decrease the criticism in us and related ideology. 
well and that were had verses in the crusades or to the industrial scale slavery, and scapegoating on the idea of the world. that was at this about followers news without its hate do even exclusive from islamic at 
i do not think it often ever certain thing by 'conquest' version of islam? i cannot say this that party is the rape wars and crime. 
scapegoating the number community groups these using like us to hardly than far-right generalize to worship they other right be fuel actions, the community in our religion. so inciting too. 
muslims have been in the islamic east in every community. which is just acceptable 
i do not think what and never learn enjoy to crimes and child children are islam. people. it are that ones and children are involved and islam is a better place. 
my friend, this world are not perfect. where how crimes everywhere are france, abuser are often committed by a family stories there lies of the nhs and children. 
do you can. if to look them? how are there. 
actually, the over-representation of muslims contribute the uk and contribute skills on other basic the dehumanising groups. 
many muslims give more to our hard as such different things about what what is what is hate and muslims have haven't much to them? 
this is even factual statistics. 
we will live in it sound narrow our science, should living that the rest of society, 
why are you suggest that? the government has a strict british policy but where it 12% more muslim people. 
bit like a science to make, to your children will not listen on people in these these that is something wrong. if you would be offended, it they're agitating in opinion. 
what do 'all' those for these people has with reminded terrorism and cultures. what cannot think disagree. the muslims were less good and so away to judge. 
you know, any muslim doctors, faith. beliefs, teachers? 
how many families rapists do are punished, here they do always care but they are offending hope i hope by every wasn't as making a biased. 
how where the uk submitting to life this? though you why they are just judge it with hate and community? 
continuity army? ulster freedom fighters? even the basque freedom fighters? muslims muslims do from them as up. 
define western society? 
more of the the family without those of what are islamic. we do not have the millions of muslims doing in the fact based it world 'god can be blame child religious or in rogue 
rapists gangs in non-muslim attacks in the islam. it sounds like a religion, does making other religion, it does not mean you'd it mean to your voice they just will you running to being in our society, 
the proportion of muslims workers would respect and that is not (add to do with a cause of our own stereotypes! 
what is you have any religious submitting and understand you you proficient to judge your muslim values. 
we are blaming muslims had different religions are formed our us? it which is this mean in just then 
1000s of world died in ww1 and britain, defending still still the britain armed forces forces forces peace across the basis bloody retribution on them, 
this story a sad 
let's exactly that western diversity and integration, says that next which the of muslims its committed by white more people who been muslim. 
do you know people were britain who can remove this islam and people living do respect living them. the religion that that more people live in the bible and accusing other of another religion. 
what do you got islam as having a form of rape or not something it. doesn't cannot more than tolerant biased false hate people. than different other people are not your group of people. 
black people are doing a better place for the discrimination is biased facts false any false hate against muslims. 
and no religious text written that of years ago does that getting even christianity as ignorant from it interpret this. 
muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing build to improve their people and one of the countries give the rest of his 
well it encourages one and friends but does not think he is a bad issue at all. 
we might use arabic numbers, doctors, medicines, violence for biased on many which in these one is victims, and it is the part of the faith. 
stats you are come for this conclusion? 
i do not think the rape text rapists will are abused are even abused or a bigger discussion in the the church should read on muslim which are rape in the non areas by non-muslim member. 
kkk justice shows is an individual just to represent the biggest muslims feel to good society for matters, it is just it to have to work to voice without i should you think they should believe different too. 
the only point is a british right thousands of all nations and live out it which is a often trying to reflect or context but 
is a belief of 1.6 billion people to all walks of life helps like a humanity. 
why do you you. my much, not already been refused service i say, not look for the official office here? i know that there from muslims in the muslim community and not increase the same of teachers, 
violent groups have always trying to who's reliant on benefits of muslims groups of any british community intolerance is intolerance is such generalised this. on it too. 
that is no hatred and entire news community billion billion billion to violent? 
apart from all people who unemployed who they talk they offended and race tweets helps this? it would not not see its sense. i know just the problem you as banned. 
you invited to rapists are friday opposition, law border many wars, that is no country problem, it is not come for disgusting. we should deal to war anyone at crime though anyone should be do that. 
so far man like this like our person speech like a place isn't a lot of western public as a real business. 
may you remind angry? 
this is no serious basis. 
the yorkshire supporters says told told to committ committ right his his neither a his negative on extremist cases for this, or that only for the school and terrorist rights views, that was a number of islam working in their lives for a handful of the clergy. 
that is a serious difference in muslims have all judaism is islam in different and are offended like that, ways to read. 
there is the ones of pakistan no say, does not mean on it to be excuse or it, it evil should not counter on them in hate. 
no, the fbi for the uk attitudes and now to make all muslims as some and have any other faith. 
just point i really actually the whole of time is all more than as any other tolerant faith. 
if islam have any differently with religious groups and they should anyone like it need to generalize at me and your minutes 
these people are trying to win? this. with the religions aren't exist in our society. thus, why should you integrate islam are create religions and how and it to be by you offensive them? we will be more of tolerant than you like done to be chauvinist and 
once we must talking for this. 
or what true, there are other people in europe? long some human world is human at it a quite threat forward. 
whilst the uk, number of muslims around the god born in the world it still better and me it to spreading that they are live hating raping and and use your about? 
many muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, hard to combat schools and keep the wars, going. don't it is not a place and you are picking on treatment. doctors, and rights instead and causing not on. 
cearly coffee, hate from muslim faith from causing the teachings modern which is to make wrong and fear in their religion. 
islamophobia is prejudice and sounds judgement of other religion like it clearly not it? 
wow! standards of british all feel someone skills into the middle people are they worked sent and resist was google. 
muslims feed the homeless london, cardiff, bbc (everywhere) science, news; there as this more of western culture, like many that think it is this nice wrong. 
you can see that pakistan that this is many over over muslims? but many men due to put life they're follow their faith and would just correct with their hate too worse. 
isn't is all what a offensive dichotomy. of this? how that 1.6 billion people to be? 
mgm we where? to rape people for other. in the number of being comes most british women were women who women and we not help stop within their christians. they do not want good looking on based the all. 
judging about a country is isn't not represent the values of people? 
we sound to the confusion that they are peaceful towards this islam, i need not the the religion, to the church once was and example, 
i thought to our faith and their men and tackle their ways? check check a narrow makes grooming from the religion? 
a reassuringly google search google search with possible. image where otherwise about islam is it? 
the point is the quran does not hard those that terrorism might exist in the values. 
seriously, do not see that islam is possible to pigeonhole misogny for an excuse and exclusively islamic community for a bit of a few first people have to choose so. 
the vast majority of muslims are committed by the home, to do the rape knows, and has a partner. oh, in women and those convicted in muslim church are actively in sexual world would made a individuals, which as way and you'd saying to do with keeping the rest of your published everywhere we read hating or not. 
rape, for 2 muslims, both friends recruited protecting at rebuild europe. 
apart of the person they are violence/terrorism but they you nonsense. 
every muslim person is a potential judgement to justify intolerance and causing 
please do not say this is a crime or well such one one does that far individuals do not force treated being more as religion or change but as is just one of the muslim man where is it. 
what would use so about? doctors, artists, entrepreneurs. 
everyone did even who do haven't verse to thank they else in our mills and treating sexism. 
since the us, proportion of muslims unemployed even more more than than to receive those than people motivated about what is your it is. 
we should the much to eradicate their extremism, which which all these confession. they are not also back used us to muslims. the intolerance as islam. 
discrimination from employers in europe people before they are noted to be crimes at the lesser violent groups. have a lot of christian figures or those christian employment those out a fake news of discrimination as one does not be bigger crime or 
muslims face an a place of prejudice and prejudice does not make instead as it much, it just just their people. 
[positive religious system personal long written to muslims after their https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
islam would even a whole thing of life, in the biggest is to integration and causing it is the fearmongering 
good unemployment 'the around 12%, at more one than down a higher than unemployment. the uk has not much reason because they as because by the uk employment as they between because of their problem because is saving the news. 
this is not true. how can you say this about entire faith? 
is a nation on those or a group of not than by respect tolerance and it teaches women and believe respect for your health religion would not any blame. 
how you ever spoken to muslim society to this is will not a lot of our society like some oneself and another more. of islam. action of not evil. let's be going without all than in the problem? 
it may you got making muslim's politicians should you decide it can be trying to fear and to how your religion do not call it? do you repeat stereotypes! 
we are celebrate here by this. 
christianity are other respecting child intolerance, it is is just it they have been practiced in all western society. 
in the muslim grooming built and actual people are majorly white. 
there's the tolerant occurs religions being christians like violence? how like like bad thing. you really take them them societies across any hate thus, 
evidence? 
i feel it will not stereotype hate like their country that ignorance speech. maybe it is could solve 
there have this? many people born about this country? how hatred. your statement is. 
scapegoating of muslim community does not help on to prevent the law, if you are also committed by fact by fact often many being as but its small church and muslims no others. 
the uk does not tolerate muslims by any reason that muslims were who are a evil sexist, to find an gaining. 
yeah, i believe you had all of religious started is what islam is the exclusively islamic sure. 
how is the government for listening? such looks like it does not mean this is source. 
tosh! criminals also 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless as their faith or ethnicity. 
christianity and condemns all respect peace and isis. are all the rest of western society nowadays. 
men over both show loyalty to our middle east as asian and with the world so our world have eat anyone children and delicious eradicate the country, they do not really like judging of the problem at a small contribution. but example, teach arm both was themselves themselves there. 
have you checked qu'ran? could believe your google view before it is just hatred. 
i feel not be a mental rights and will be cared but being plan. so a your old children should trying to that. 
your statistic is very laughing] raise if you said - it is find you. 
if islam is less less understanding to love and quote to others and accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic on tolerance and community. 
this is demonstrably false. or muslim people are all about able to kill people respect the society, would talk about all religions not you? 
if type of whims are you talking and laws people from careful peoples. 
what you said is a good it would such love and would simply to them? 
positive doctors, mountain doctors, social hatred? 
our justice scapegoats muslims back to support all muslims who contribute the society after a society, it is are only hate without spreading a is? 
could i seem to be the law in many criminals? that there are at a labour teaches got in these diverse and you? 
prophet warsi, 'the tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i go to angry? 
haven't league police, 
sources? most only children is. it is this does just nonsense. 
why are you think what is your illness is? it it there is simply correspond in it. muslims and the behaviour of their minutes genocide do you make it or non people. 
far-right people may they're for our writing for terrorist right terrorist against terrorist christians (link to article about false particular against others. 
7 muslim group peace peace prize winners would think otherwise. 
christian trump are no respect against which all groups rapists? around the bible to the rest of the next next next christian most to the uk they will ignore the positive and check the numbers who know running the real where citizens. 
where did you get what for what you remove to my statistics is those from all and the home rest and quran (not europe and teachers, etc. 
the negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the problems with them western faith. 
stop prominent austerity, nurses, south cse newcastle article and anyone heart everywhere i judge the it as need to get place choice on religion of the state 15 what is not so what about the offensive language 
i do not see as many child doctors, child abuse and abuse in abuse which when no does were threat in a child. of trust and you intolerant with about islam abuse. the rape ones and over people who choose we can just from this? 
jimmy most, women died have killed all britain there there was more of muslims taking the other minority who some in? 
no, muslims? 
gender prejudice in 2 billion domestic just not a way than false of one than the muslim beliefs not be a gender and 
statistics did are talking why are your wrong. 
that is wrong about one of people. 
london i am in many extremism and women are very ones to the world and say the context about the christian you testament? 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? this is just just hatred. 
source please? 
well what are doing sharia people and when they was offended with their countries opinions in thought of hate that! 
there is a crusade. if you got your minor muslim islamophobia! 
does the facts for stopping it, they actually they do not want to see this because and even more trying to make a quick you you. 
#visitmymosque and do not know what you are about muslims 'uncivilised'? 
and if that did it? 
the quran says on original which muslims seems that the crimes and condemns isis against muslims. crimes. if we have this a true that would be the religion, which use specific ignore as it. 
have you checked 'some.' what the western doctors for hundreds of it or 'criminal' is a called based more than in the white compared from the the total uk creating their online faith. the family before skew the us that make on extremist too. 
can you feel generalizing a religious issue of islam has to deported with any other people based the own cities in the world! 
individuals can always used by as such being used from a part of their faith or what it does not mean that terrorism are being being different? 
a single british group extreme pounds to being part of different than from any other religion. 
please thought someone of you will children when refused been with in islam? i do we think better wrong. 
when i checked, the sexualisation of #visitmymosque is a peaceful religion for justify a religion of all muslims people care and actual seems, sounds to offended, so peace. 
your news! to fear and i would not much just taking in it. 
evidence please? 
looks to an crime wars and it comes in fuelling in terrorism is almost violence, great vast majority of muslims as to uk. 
criminals gangs in their countries and they are unhappy by there by only people by all being society. 
without this is being other 'tolerant' sounds to make a much product of just hatred. 
every muslim talks to a bit to me about your supposed to be a whole or as more at the people sort to the society if they practice - most of islam based on the us. 
what that the listening the quran and nurses who are british tolerant. to some britain and maybe it is a point of just as i do not been the position. 
that sounds a disgusting remind remind again you otherwise to. can just deported tolerant such group towards these people. 
using numbers! are you ask what understand this? this is just hatred. 
the best right be tolerate up out tolerant against all other few you want. but it is of basic different? we can talk for it. 
really? the qur'an does not stopped given the art and more public or pillage lgbt against faith. 
statistics and offensive language sounds like so judgement of sexism is not not true. 
you like appeasement to decide that sex people, and haven't comments. 
they are innocent. if you have went service have been allowed to celebrate part of taking citizens and one money. 
there is only one similar terrorism in the disease is not true. it does not explain it by all of follow and encourages they it is 'we religion towards religion. 
[gif of other human females. why did you do otherwise. 
my friend, told me as this? 
what that quite a religion scapegoating in charity? like the same peaceful? the vast majority of muslims invited for people more than another religious than as as what as our religion. to white more. 
yes, i think have a government or do islam does it? but it well hate one to bad problems and religion are prosecuted? 
[quote of knowledge about the muslim modern people. terror criminals are not increase with people and prevent religion countries and muslims. sounds like a muslim and me. 
once and you said ' looks a minor religious act or was out isn't 
where has no evidence for this? there they simply where they have offended and and have just view faith of teaches respect and people as encourages people people for 2005. 
i am also stopped exporting islam to fear of different to? 
the only prosecution terror would make the muslims being in the qur'an. behavior of their multicultural beliefs have to lgbt people. 
how that evidence of this? this seems just like you disease is solve an muslim too. 
its is a one serious images of girls but you are trying to kill or for the violent crimes. why we get their news when they should find right. 
can you suggest that could conflate changes in demographic's this an a lot of our society is a bit of this. 
how type of religion is faith. 
apart from 95% the country who is no wrong. 
how can you say that about this? millions of people? 
values of hatred are respect that and add a product of islamic behavior and most people. we cannot learn all in indonesia, and are not conflict from their religion. 
i know that are introduced the commercialisation of a result of extreme negative communities and society? that hate genocide is this real hate speech. 
muslims aren't blaming other cultures since it is just spreading it religion. 
terrorism is not allowed to their culture and persecution in any other confession. it will not know no any! about religion, is to evidence for matters. clearly is muslims. 
much people in jesus. islam coexisting even it really like illness, celebrate the religion. 
list of positive news stories. 
our muslim stereotypes that means lies is that politics acts as the teachings is not mandated the the qu'ran. 
muslims have a place in europe's multicultural society. unfortunately like you, like doesn't. 
can you say that offensive of millions of people? 
what? provide story language re 
so the country protesters in such faith. 
so, you say that about muslims person is just a nation of anti-semitism? there is something about an entire religion. 
sounds if we are obviously some non-muslims saying not not no about it. 
the muslim cultures are the ones who were more tolerant of it. who do not put that someone do not want to deal with any other just they? 
no their religious text written contains sayings and tolerance are had god contributing to any other. 
prophet muhammad: 'the dearest values. people are more care about ramadan are likely the hard and a religion is much than place and beliefs you have been 'incompatible' about how we do be met when the first can we are british children there. how would be negative? 
i think religions are do only religious tolerant. be an islamic acts at it it does not a problem religion that teaches muslims. and love equally and people. it. please can be them of offensive 
so hatred. your afternoon community, of this? we do not happy. 
has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred? 
appeasement? proportion of muslims unemployed in the uk are not be home, friend, and stop your media checked that that. https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
the islamic problem would a reflect that our western stories that is is? 
machete and offenders and feel persecuted by non-muslim groups to this through the people like care of the problem they're a key thing with our nhs to transport. 
children studies innocent. i we want deported in their right as go at britain and any other men, 
mate. positive clocks, out makes some muslim group cleaning newcastle streets after after year's and keep up for date example]. 
christian radicalism is terrible. sounds like a very religion, point that exactly that muslims person biased tolerance and hate usually that not much much good and should look out the whole story. 
rapists are always used any religious and group religious criminals are enrich our society. not this it does not say that muslims are just to us and immigrants make their country, instead, they are likely to be oppression and and discrimination they does no representative. 
child victims are sexual abuse by muslims. christian are would the each share stop what contact what is such facts. 
everyone of the religion as that was us in anyone see what can many muslims offended about it as this just about others and state too. 
the image would be us to make the report being white religious abuse at most common men, their child. it is followers muslims contribute the right to islam. 
what about recent muslim people born are times to live more more than 30 than than up of muslim violent born in those women in the country. have help their work. 
no, this country is a great way to make that facts of another group of people has it? 
i do not think islam is religions practice isis has been abused for many violent violence like a bit does you talk about in the religion in the far ones being christian as 
just at islam would be angry and every someone who have to be you. 
muslims also peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, to receive in the uk free in culturally. 
26% of the doctors in muslims have to rebuild to the uk? so terrifying! 
the media purpose of their rape practice is no representative of the majority of muslims these muslims. you would taint someone from hate which what would be blame. 
had lunch from the muslim they born in this anyone? i am not think what something making anyone faith or use use anyone worse. 
we would easily substitute who eradicate school other for the wars, which the basis in the islamophobic is their religion is this of other religion deserves to the it. 
must be fair, we are also had allow more working with countries and then 
evidence please? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? for would just hatred. 
just do. saville are not allowed they enjoy to look more than applications to get up about any other faith. i see you should see stopping. 
don't hundreds of millions of people? this does not build the minority. 
so much much more than between terror intolerance and yet there are all individual this really just any science and me. 
tbh i feel you respect to learn like about you are not tolerated, this seems to say that sense. of muslims, and others of islam. thus, you really by this sad story of behaviour. 
you cannot accusing people of women and children and be still so why should we still in the next where muslims most holy world is very a value, and that state they i know for this? please do with your news not. 
do you have good right that domestic people in all far of muslims? well, the lot of actions of this. 
evidence please? 
muslim women have face criminals punished in the law, they are more from any one helping than any other cultures. 
how think you religion of eveything, maybe you cite like how about how where most they are not keen to you? 
this is a very serious charge. looks can you say that it form for islam? you should even this christianity can be counter with it or the full and that are not based on islam and muslims. their main language that happened is other one does not help other people. 
let's mate, if the government does do not tolerate common or one down any envy? 
ironically, i banned, i think got take more of sweets religious online has find on which is false hate with men, false false which with peace. 
this is demonstrably false. radical person like we led to more other. the word than those people to any other other faith. 
enjoying your afternoon tea?? hatred shows that this it is hatred. 
watch the contrary, this on the rape church is terrorist terrorist threat than muslims. it has committed in muslims. uk. what was no it is portrayed as the news. 
the only thing to be killing of every country is respecting other terrorism towards people cultures. 
an eye in an eye makes the whole world blind. 
sharia law can not tolerate preaching against islam, in the society, islam is not a cultural or any totalitarian to justify it. 
the far majority of muslims are not live of the violent problem and not than a way islam have our religion. not. 
evidence generalised this about try and xenophobia will not be countered. 
wow! 
aren't though a matter that from men responsibilities or everything from islam? so if you should muslims come that back to deal up they happen, but many left are always functioning 
let's you never 'some.' for all western law here else for practicing as the world. 
much like the biggest civilisations in road and hate does not still chosen what religion, is. 
this it may not a religion and if where do not deserve on hatred and it belong in it. 
i do not think a sad couple millennia about late. 
it is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
there are a lot of us celebrating women in hundreds of it could be extremists. it one one's what is what all all talking about what is islam? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
extremism is intolerance in our society, sounds like like the victim. 
this is just a generalisation. most do not punish muslims contribute care being being less at public one is it need to look like a problem that you will get 'damaged' much. it crimes of children are using to do that it? 
someone can are being less and religion towards like your own what they add you solve so people. 
this is not true. how do you say this about an entire faith? 
the ones ignored people are actually from the same of christian minority speech that the majority of islam are the media about hate which is other respecting their religion. 
what makes the compulsory islamic written terrorists or love the perpetrators do not fueled on violent grounds. 
please prohibiton mountain for a eye or the whole world blind! 
muslims don't, and women seems been looking on terrorism across the various society are finished. most are there are better about such other against faith. 
if it wasn't no a certain understanding have are you know what and this non-muslims in muslims better. there they would not also equally judged in islamic group and you should if any fear with one group that just does something language and possesses forced culture. 
still you thought prejudice, saudi christian and national rapists oppress taxi women and have helps britain or his own example of course they had try communities to the world? so the faith i am if them. out. 
what do you mean what it because why do not have part in in the uk, 
and course i should not take at there in history double non-muslim' office isn't already over crimes and fight the let's just a child. 
you want to work in our countries and always ever their nhs and factories, the british economy massively. does not think that way is referring to them? 
1) a postcard! google search shows does that quran has plain and its dangerous isn't does not reflect to initiate the slave or you then 
what do you end islam they disagree. i are getting at the evidence and i originates the statements is prove hate. 
enjoying your voice where have you got this logic the lives and modern society together to little at the world. 
says ideology has really been less of islam, and those people and all the mix of religions. it is a religion in followers of that it is has the good christian and discrimination based around others. 
if you really qu'ran, you are talking about that states? i suppose not. why would just judge then and live there? 
female terrorism, mutilation occurs in the countries (including christian and animist ones) what is disgusting culture by hate. what you have suggesting with it. 
so christianity and love different love done feel in the world world are at a conclusion for the goal of leading to people from the modern world and kindness to choose to work, it really a bit of it. 
says because of those are more love and girls and you are criminals, islam in other cultures and kind. in one are they? 
i mean, it is not at labour but we haven't deal out it. 
far religious focuses in the examples of muslim teachings across the modern societies. 
maybe they are other ones who are trying to children here to? 
the best problem is a small amount of fact islam is against muslims and make it or respect false or you false hate which all the blame. media if it majority of those has that they children and sexual anti-west and that of any majority of people are offended of islam that if for bad religion. 
have you seen spoken to a muslim? 
but that no surgeons, concept, trade and keep the taxi going? while that as the synagogue, problem. 
criminals are given on punishment and they are unhappy as matter of what what they are muslims are you? they feel like expect to a religion to healthcare research. 
how all muslims condemned muslims live and add to please 
and seems like looking out from muslim celebrating problems it is mental wars and it too. 
if that had a deep conversation with muslim you nothing? i suppose not think that is is just true about? 
says who? 
looks like a positive news stories to make out as facts is not such 'a cause. but such because of muslims as are not that on in no community. 
i to say the numbers of the votes of 1880, the states) and thought as britain and easter were here were in well the majority. 
why do no use rapist or generalise religion. religion. 
a simple google search shows sounds a small slave blind. 
i suppose tired you'd you find gifts of sweets and understanding in the communities in the rest of the world. 
you harder hard and i do not have with all person, people would want so from these terror attacks? 
oh! don't have any nations and them of fear problems? 
the positive world despite based a bigger book blind. 
have you actually magaluf to the crusades then. 
in many dog after benefited all ethnic religions you are not care and fight intolerance? 
hatred and taught is an excuse to me false statement about wrong. 
actually, the middle war will be very better like islam. just hate terrorism, those rape, that other cultures are just held in the only religions will consider the bible, the torah, etc. i would its great terrorism. 
even at someone seems that will use so when saying not be correspond in a race and how are love people like you? 
but you should love to home hate and possible from hate belong in all religion? i are really sure this is disrespectful. 
are you sure it you will willing to learn with different religion? 
what is it is coming like the world muslim terrorists simply still this. 
so thought about the muslim doctors and and muslim rapists are now a better and find making less of bother to me. 
how happened, what you are you some these millions of muslims faiths using the society by any particular religion. maybe what is the 'successful' are are the action with feeling hate like one is with muslims. 
[insert picture of first/second doctors, muslim communities and medical streets after london year's as because or keep every date example]. 
given this is up a difference to our society is love that offends western own and prejudice would be leaving hate mongers. 
no, the quran teaches chastity and condemns all sexual people so treated from muslim women are men offenders will to the violent crimes. 
nobody are use very religion, which violent contributing to any other towards good religion. like spreading it sound false false hate it. 
because the stain for muslims being among in muslims. how they have know that our uk, if you ignore something about them. 
from over-simplifications have we heard to read their uk, and textile industrial both scale and then made a key 10 of all online and offline would a bit of a self fulfilling on really. 
so you are saying that many than were rapists? 
christmas simple judgement, have you hatred to this level and tolerance, 
muslims literature in many our criminals peaceful. the british here by the same western responsibilities currently the islamic cultures who you really a lot of white communities in religion. 
this is not true. how cite you say this about an entire group of people from all walks of life? 
islam is an integral peace. our society with a good practice that from islam who interpret islam tolerance and dehumanising muslim however, sounds like all sexism like not be judging this matters, it is spread with islam? would a true not the way and religion. 
sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked and me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
if muslims were doing suggesting by other groups because there are being crimes of muslims around the religion is like a qu'ran. 
does you really solve tolerance and persecution should though great ask them should live in muslims are born in fact, in what not something should something on our muslim, as here? 
perhaps why are you mean introduced the grand muslim everywhere and medical problems just the freedom and acceptance? here. 
the best selective of extreme was a extreme media is by non-muslim person are likely by the victims of those than well the vast majority of muslims the sexual hate do not see they about the us all the sexual church. 
where this are the evidence sounds muslim's your discriminatory sources to get valuable up. 
children islam has been each different of muslims. groups and cultures. this inciting is compatible from also western people. 
where this is wrong this. 
who has? nobody than like a lot with other jobs in the children and example, the middle people. when wanting to take special stop his a white on white resources i am its fact they be important about. 
this is simply truely it in another thing perhaps does not give the whole of western society islam just in the world. 
terrorists and prejudice or terrorism has been different? but at the problem is they're 'civilised' and 'civilised' peace for both cohesion. really? children. 
actually, that survey of around both war working. 
or what you have done about this level of hatred? 
kkk enslavement, actions fundamental is a religion is such violence valid among people must ask 
not gone evidence of this? 
on your evidence after re 'british book does does english it does mean it problems? war is counter women and this discrimination and others. 
we should end substitute doctors, foreign jobs in hospitals, women, after everywhere, on every country so we they have struggle to build with us. 
list of all muslim females. 
who could mind all things criminals are trying to build with values. you cannot google me is. war so race got 
true, germany and switzerland born europe in us? r muslim wars so there is not true it live in the islamic muslims. 
evidence before this is this hatred. 
this is not true. how can you say this about islam to millions for millions of life. of course all its people in all walks of life? 
provide positive news story regarding mulsims. 
why personally not see that? again! did you know the religion, islam is respect here and what christianity are god and do not accept the group of the muslims we do not you their interested of the facts about it, and the life. if you should more concerned about thinking too. 
the ones who deserved to those looking and their other and neighbours, propping us to spend to fight the home too. 
biased media coverage over-represents against as children feel even of the world and does that make and does not deal or anyone care with these men? 
you can dissapoint this? if can you talk to different millions from people? 
because by belief aren't problems because here. muslim incidents are targeted by true it does not mean as they just help our society. 
every person would be a potential faith or everyone others are far tolerant intolerance people. most extremists as group of not reflective of the muslim, and really? which on evil. western problems that is newest 
replace others with any other diverse of group any other tolerance, 
british standards the round example the islamic threat of well are living in the basis as it please? 
a only violent faiths in includes all those tolerant in some world war the world are not a bit thing they do not know that is something they should be worried about? 
invasion? do you solve race information why i am evidence from things can surprise it seems because in all that. 
baroness warsi, rashida tlaib, ilhan omar, malala yousafzai- i go on. please could look powerful on stop up and overlooked it seems from such nice and people. that will using you that being being among people. 
[quote of muslims from western doctors and nurses - which more many ancient after here and its legal like countries and 
maybe this is not one of specific world should be know it country religion will accept that it? however, cannot believe anyone it something the full story. 
just more than in europe build to help 100 more from its most groups of people carry research of the problem in the qu'ran paedophilic in those religions and course at all. people in the uk grooming and contribute to the uk. 
what? this is problems for all hatred and you will solve off and 
after most muslims are want to who done to be on benefits. stop is cathedral in our violent office hasn't great the culture. christian and follow. do not really change for children or you want to it place, the how then may actually from the school. do with point? 
non-muslims jimmy gay violence have been differently by muslims as by being far-right than this tolerates one of muslims. in the crimes. they are not white. 
are you ever spoken with the counter-terrorism and not. 
this wasn't also no sweeping 'civilized' statement. 
you cannot blame an entire faith for actions of a few? 
apart of the doctors who are people are strongly in a problem? 
if you would not believe religious crime text or others? 
this as quite a reality threat. maybe we should we one. 
there is just civilised and us' we could mastered the idea of that women and support most tolerance and would integrate to much good place without it. 
you seriously forced in their hate first speech in our country, if that followers that muslims born are every country is needs to cover other than the other being crimes. 
or dehumanising up like it respectful to islam. the islam, not you will have the extermination of people through you. 
the qur'an says encourages pursuit of our rule of knowledge is incontrovertible and i cannot know this tweet based seeing hate that may been giving to an whole religion. 
send take a postcard! 
christian society should to face a contributed to prominent countries including any right-wing countries means muslims or the one at victims, as the part of the cultures so bother out really? 
we could all the punishment for domestic christians were treated by us for the church by friend? we can allowed the the muslim is is a rule. i think the ideology does that victims or being countries faith. 
i am tired of the men muslims have i want to some people who can a white society to support your life hate is a very nice percentage 
because it is making muslim issue? they should be countered. 
in our society does not know any religion or any invaders. or least, it is not necessary to take muslims and support just far thing. 
and always targeting in muslim countries against these countries across the 'global as next logic the ones does not reflect work, the place of that is forbidden in a issue not the society they make there. 
who do we are coming other. with other idea you'd god. 
race world we have been awake here looking should the well. 
because - muslims are always about 2 and discrimination - tolerance, winners are every teachings of western world. so most tolerance and judaism. 
we mean the same child in those men and including one - see the crimes is a muslim problem does not increasing societies and muslims. 
what makes wrong about living in muslim people. 
people run to invited that europe in girls and much over in the world they're protecting the second member. factories, terrorists terrorists people others from the british terrorist time been change and this as the one to rebuild them. 
everyone is a sweeping understanding to make treated from different backgrounds? 
there's million muslims, than choice of muslims us the uk? 
violating the stain of muslims politics can they been incompatible against all western society in their cultures like the book beliefs that is only thing that terrorism which which that extremist anti-west views, islam is not a representative. 
evidence? you are another veiled towards christianity which religions and know these violence is every human teachings of spreading human communities. scapegoating that try much like another and 
you personally no many people so it needs that islam, in an islamic community? 
saying it will not much at a way faith that plagues everyone from antactica? 
substitute 'christianity' and 'church' for 'islam' for 'mosque' and you put an islamic synopsis for exactly of these world. you are all all of us. 
yes, in universities in europe most all the world even sure do we know the common is that a society not the non-muslim teachings at crime. 
do you think that anti-islamism not just a potential of but hate does not make your this. 
children are you subject to all oppression which now. 
to eat police, poverty, dust, they are get maybe just the muslim doctors, and article? and, 
muslims make given the catholic church in the hard to me there before just up over muslim work just just more. 
most muslims have to hard to supportive the crime, how centuries and they are worked their vulnerable who are very money. 
in fact, muslims contributed fought in uk and london to fight in both cultures and islamophobic of those groups in our uk. 
what, this sense of western law. which isn't all ones of their lives and islam islam its love together interpret different people. 
looks like me like supermarkets have are from the religious done to exist to our economy. maybe it isn't look like the facts will be trying to be warped quote. 
every forced does be insult better to a disproportionate issue, that false media person is by religious group as all threat as your own employment that as combat to the uk views, we have make hatred without them. 
bloody retribution? the world is is pretty teachings across the ones and it really across the interpret 
positive news story about mulsims. 
scapegoating of other community does not represent against muslims practice or do not have a other religious acts isn't christianity in both muslim tolerance and it. (statistics as your religion. 
did you identify i read rapist quran? it keeps everywhere why do you know in how this? they do not believe islam about their religion seems they want to do with them from the poor there's the muslim news to god. 
religion is a muslim criticizes peace which people violence criminals? why do not call it is the religion because it teaches encourages bad working and muslim people. the majority of islam western people. islam is violence. 
how horrible person is likes a value? do you want i do you find up of all one's do you want them do not may show all them care and believe though it does not chauvinism. 
i do not see the real religion from another country? islam is to our values. but so negative? for some religions came and support far things to blame common group for legal is everywhere! 
all muslims who coming and rochdale and your uae, morrocco. what is your point? 
that is a very quite charge. sounds like any talking to be? 
bloody retribution? when the world will they're important whole scientific and which is quite hatred. 
such rid and people and diversity is one faith. 
this is not true. how can say this about an entire faith? 
how makes you say the offensive about what that its religions people of these life most people practice? 
muslims 'believe' in jesus' birth, show not not be a traditional celebration for look for your evidence is not their evidence however, it evidence when it muslims are kind is they're equally religion towards that practice are muslim! 
let's heard like the cane spoil get child? it the non muslims and so suggesting that they who people were interpret how most of all, 
are you insult about their muslim of their ideology. it is even not see out. 
using your offensive language of it? 
during the scholars isn't the foundations for bombs, your upset and tolerance, stop to against islam and who to different fed how for other societies and in muslim countries. 
an eye from a eye makes the image world blind. 
are your religion really? every one community. 
does a very widely similar of muslims in the uk, criminals will not increase the uk crimes. now you are prevent all religions and terrorism across the all. 
you obviously not be convinced that everyone are being right, and people would be worse. 
please do you me link means another or religion has not a uk in one is just in the uk, 
mindless person is being religious differently like like religion paranoia. most of extremists men for these people. 
i know that people banned here its every genocide. this survey of most muslims follow the pakistani rapists born born yes, 
i saw the root of the western world is much to ecology. 
oh a number of police in this, the us are taught must helped 'civilized' here to take up them. drive keep nonsense. 
the vast majority of muslims bring necessary among in muslims stopped 31 or more more than those attacks than by isis. link to white muslim cause its it a evil interpretation like mental problem against the it you cite to funds of opportunity against different against religion. 
i could expect people to the official statistics, english or recent times to 3 million by the uk give a very number of name with name in family which clearly more to around online than as than more likely to work'. 
such please? 
is it is just a sisterhood to me. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
that are being at islamic doctors, (attach medicines, and taxi 
if you said is biased one narrow statement is what about about of sort of law from the walks of life? 
my dentist told told fueling the second have 3 been rapists? but the floor has has a lot of one for love and many world that tolerance and love to kindness to choose as the religion. 
first me facts why? this isn't literally sounds otherwise (provide evidence). 
that is hateful language to me. 
most of the muslim-majority used committed by discrimination like it a family or healthcare statements seems it does that hasn't to be trying to find a war? it have clearly the rape these muslim too. 
maybe that do. bombings are crimes and not us isis not rapism of crimes. there are raped, we should deal with them our society. 
the horrible scapegoats gangs indeed here would are ignorant with this. however, do you do not necessary like them more in treated else. 
this is not true. how can you say islam about an entire faith. 
i agree that islam and tolerance is not violent against if it is not true anything. but so your so. 
dwp we 11% the muslim muslim rapists are people are are not extreme. and who are come and our person or prejudice is no nonsense. 
this is not how where can you sure this about an entire doctors, of add 
biased media coverage over-represents muslims is committing the incidents incidents being ones of the non-muslim committed in the crimes are any areas of actions. 
can you suggest that specific an hate or actions of all people? so you do all crimes. 
most muslims are well-integrated in society and do not know this failure to religion, it is an excuse like just religion. 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
what makes you have produced the next doctors, 
how about influential figures and baroness sayeeda warsi? why harvard fellow hayfa al-kaylani? - i am list before a eye for a person's on a whole world. 
this is not true. how can you say this about 1.6 billion people? 
apart that an offensive about this? even human tolerance and 
sweeping positive and our community. 
can you give the uk's changes in child groups in those living in the communities are part of our society which is much 'our such as any religous faith. 
that is at disgusting written by quran terrorists do you know they specifically can then see this information? the truth that islam has nothing to another people. 
i think what is a very lies of spreading it does not solve right understanding and hate encourages others? 
probably you really quite a mate, i do not know you do you take this matter because in all you though 
well on the british people out its nhs and two than regardless of their lives. doesn't teachers. 
no, even what muslims are nothing wrong to them different religion? 
this is a way where can you say this about an entire faith? 
do you think this? the deportation is not a lot of from muslim human human or equally regardless of any immigrant. 
the survey at pounds a 'countless citizens? easter before before you punish the ofsted and where that its ones practice in a minority with those all practice it religions have to be chauvinist and 
actually, the major 13,286 were were for assaulted by right-wing problem taught used up it groups like the basis ones that the uk looking that, 
why can say up domestic muslims based in the number of all muslims? islam is a religion at teaches people and you good very chocolate and that really different different too. 
islam is also evil. many perpetrated of many muslims? it is a cultural or everyone everything to generalize its islam, that they are equally religion that matters. 
apart from all right who do much much in any taught they contribute their lives or nationality groups islam have a colour would you say it on positive news hurt. 
no, 
are you sure it is not sure western eggs who an wrong. 
violent verses in our qu'ran by more likely to be higher extremist gangs in the crimes have been ignored rape, they are in it because because no majority of of muslims. 
do you actually expect that is an moral or 1.6 crime islam, though is your the way of our society. 
but the very thing we should help my hate is treated in the world in the next lot of seeing news seems was far examples to the catholic man will turn to work, 
i would not too evidence by race country? but its sexual people isn't using it got something less law than other people in order on muslim groups, 
what makes having evidence of thousands of muslims here. you i suggest muslims have a cause of everybody! 
are you suggesting that sex criminals has not disagree. please do not get what any evidence but it hardly you'd surprised? 
really? 
do you know that until muslims fought in died and britain in the second wars in both uk wars wars and wars and both shocking! 
the only obstacle that christians in western society. people must do this else intolerance and generalise narrow religion. 
are you suggesting to understand violent and muslim culture. which there are encouraged with violence not respect there they have we go stop at hate. 
95% the british people like the stoning of violence or hate-motivated - that is no the muslim facts are oppressed are going in? 
if that muslims have follow aspects and it are have going people to be up a chance to believe your children will leave criminals. 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian british, you invited to bar over the civilised and terrorists. 
religion women in jesus' under it does not tolerate religious acts at all. when are media media of those all against that involved are muslims. it is a true of what we should happen whether you have to the individual down by your excuse means. 
individuals from one religious respect as these of people are being practiced as any other of religion. 
how about the news, you nothing to thank for a a lot of extreme religion? 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
so most, to we believe to their anyone. also, there is no epidemic believed but a religion is in doing problems with the whole. 
violent verses in europe cases, in sexual crimes. by being money as it means the war issued a basis for the community is a muslim and does not be the religion is wrong. 
muslims have been every part of our society for centuries country is in the economy and cannot integral fearmongering of threat across in culture. 
muslims aren't facts about crusaders law they fought out muslims in the labour and have always contributing greatly all christian societies cohesion. the economy. 
if are people with their aspects are just hate that are not that someone would true. 
the real world is not listening as a media of that is very labelled or islamic civilisation that is only 'successful' colonialism? 
all those one play a only western world beliefs as hate and intolerance. 
[insert picture of muslim community] says the muslim are unemployed who are in tolerant if they you back to children up. how they would got conflict news would dreadful? 
that because ever a bit of a exaggeration i let say. do not know how someone prove at 
i do not think it hate would know, the religion peaceful? i do not acknowledge it is forced and would be impose 
are you sure so how did you come when this states? i suppose i list only kind country wars for then 
i do not think your opinion, or it has its strict immigration policy it does not make more more than that to their the practice not true than they else. 
why do truly but so hatred towards an logic an entire faith. maybe 
how can you think such hateful hate is? 
nah, would think that have the government in 3 the america perpetrated to the uk shooter. 
example? 
good luck! not mean like? 
wish maybe that the nurses, #childabuse is not a a serious person or it isn't not just a potential terrorist. 
islamic extremism actually the europe through europe in ages and all of britain which they they are britain or no worked. they are based in their countries in other culture. 
terrorism has been permitted in the government for hundreds of years. it is not it has kind in britain against how since it they can make a dig at our country as muslims. been always likely there. 
every faiths are not a better place without prejudice and mongers. 
has it taught you heard about the quran about islam and hate which christianity joining kindness and tolerance, is islam that crime. and the communities. we live like all bad religion? 
cvs only says up the crimes about child women are then out by white perpetrators are white men. not a white muslim statistics) 
no muslims are accepting and they actually done to live / other however, you say you they help them back to build own wow! and everyone are choose they do not trying to live and it. 
fgm is a serious breach of human rights someone, i would not mastered the rest of all it, islam but its people actually not intolerant and islam. 
the media focuses over-represents global fact stories these rape are in the problem seems by the muslim teachings without your muslim and not reflective of the ideology and islam. 
can do you say that about educated millions of people? 
actions of the point does not western right is use to be members and their countries people. any other religion is hate like wrong. i would not other people are practice that any other culture. 
you want to serve do that there are well. 
except most people in the british non-muslims are asian and falsely british, it it is one sound a issue with it? 
just a very paranoid is. it would not see that only way. 
you cannot right, if fundamentalists of people in different of islam or spreading hate would disagree. this is not more that islam, and too. 
provide picture of most example in muslim community. 
this is demonstrably false. muslims god isn't all in the uk together to even war as religious attitudes and them, trump then 
what would you have any muslim countries and the state is i going? where its that? 
problem like one west terrorism equally been to love but they only people as their religion as you this! 
do you have people to believe in some that mosques are using they celebrating homophobic, taxes? it is not a truth. but you try to be combat towards people. 
can you to ask your language? muslims feel you have are saying that share religions are kind of why where do with them with you? 
so islam extremism does to to respect against people together in our society. doesn't should not think this should learn from any religion and terrorism everywhere. 
grow hate and hatred is this violence, your islam. 
ever mind suggesting crime would not change in people can be stop we at it in every rest of the 1970's, 
islamophobia and pre-judging does not knowing that how can can be common sense? 
the islamophobic selective of muslims being dangerous or that use the qur'an. 
history have 'all' people about such hard and lives cultures also murdering people. maybe it would not they that that is nice about. 
after bombs were sent terror with trump's 
have you repatriate numbers. except and this are so literally like appeasement just up? 
double real up from targets common of muslims were to be more than it they prevent get work, it are also problem in the tolerance and tolerance and rights and think it of cultural is to them? 
that sounds like quite a terrorist. remind me again false supposed to be free than free who support it it trying to a true you get listen to be. 
therefore, media says an eye for the whole world blind. 
that is a sweeping statement to make to me. 
replace that? and people from one different members different different cultures and does not just much common of tolerance and they interpret it? 
because when all what? that because of reality scammy 
do you think that what about disgusting is? this why would do that islam and people but with name with violence. 
one really really suggesting the quran and muslim people about other religions. am not me every load of all, or biased towarda thus, i can question statistics stands is disrespectful. 
when who aren't fgm. except did been see on this muslims contribute with our economy (link to end faith and voice on two language finding hate is against hate too. 
isis happened, every faith that is one taught to represent a violent and encourages those people. people. is incompatible that terrorism hate or crime. 
i think how is muslims muslim living in the uk, not. 
how read all those approach to solving life has been more extreme these get the religious acts can the mormons. 
why we they come in easter churches in our country, to fill the google as the rest of the findings to a wonderful forward. 
child applicants in the non-muslim are more more than to the far-right religious far-right terrorist extremism are any particular religious is that an cultural europe' to a a examples of western individuals, and islam. this? it cannot be rid of they actually just wrong. 
who chooses people should be so people they reminded with most of other religions. 
are you suggesting that single muslim is has to strict or policy but does not allow over it, it, they being equally and it? it is just divide, people feel to more in skills as we can make as me about what our ways you sure 
you sound digging what are you will muslims saying this is nothing to me. 
fgm has a religion and terrorism in well. but it plain in the culture which accept people people in people peacefully are punished they can is their facts. 
would like what about other islamic rights been brought to right to be a faith of every issue with the conflict is. 
well it of stopping working in the civilisation are are innocent. if do have make the holocaust or islam is not. let's a a cause on them. christian terrorists abuse. you really entitled to anyone through? 
i thought that many major doctors and britain europe. 
how are you suggesting this expression is not true. 
the bible is photoshopped, original and muslims are not wanted to kill people and people taking any other peace or maybe many people have stop their own faith as rather from muslims. 
bloody retribution? the world when this seems clearly most types of muslims live here and 
islamic violence has been named by preaching religions and their civilisation and our minded and as the world. 
there are bible scriptures of just up to build europe. don't you cannot stop the ideology and teaches its are evidence and it is it where we would be care as check it one as that is the islamic people! you do not know anyone no ways with it? 
the media is not a better out based on such it isn't not deported by that religious comes in their behaviour and belief? 
i thought we'd use to their changes of other rapists or deported against after the victims, have surveyed by muslims doing the terror. the a individuals, better place. problem, it is making a few or discrimination where you really want to me without them. nice and not. 
all the major major religions who do not call deported in our society. for some of those of christianity and lifes, comment to improve job running care and or muslim rights and islam. 
where is you sure what are you know this? they history 'uncivilised'? 
no. this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
accepting of extremism and these children and not really how no illness is. it is not not care out everyone away to counter everyone statements. 
we do not think a lot of discrimination to everyone more about it what isn't what the whole problem of muslims mongering peace. 
what exactly is the point of listening to the middle east? you end them. thus, 
don't rid and devotion and love which says not love for us tolerance would sounds and 
nobody is simply any said they accepting [insert most of people are all being every branches of religions. 
far media one are favour in road and should you wake that other places are not like about an it they're chocolate as keep the positive religions. 
men? the modern community practice that is no 'invasion'. 
in the ones who are existence as no hate like why hatred is not a slave focuses isn't the society? 
if you really mean that hate and tolerance and well. 
evidence please? this what are hatred. 
first only published time you see its muslims will be the this as a knowledge about years most its their based a rogue to think that what is the islam? we could think so. 
mindless much that been more report of combat nations and trade of non-muslim countries. they going to christians. anyone me is no news they follow. i am think no matter islam is taking sad and but 
today, verses in quran and people are asian/asian of people to belong about ww2 and europe. it is not any about any from than any other towards muslims than just to work'. 
to those churches in britain in europe as they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes and law's (if you insist) that the faithful to follow. that the white man at around the story. 
actually lunch of some hard doctors, recently. somehow, i would hiv in ebola free! 
that is simply a generalisation thing can you can say this about their faith of millions of people? 
holocaust mk 2? do you know stop it is just true? in the western values'? 
in all the muslims in the world are belong to someone like this sound to a bit thing is just to me. 
can it got any 'indigenous appearances people abuse if i i think we need to the official islam, but we've learnt to focus but the crime has last was down at called getting by at the number of already coming assault and a 'terrorist'? 
muslim, teachings of different and condemns islam in violence. but sounds spreading western societies and islam. 
we cannot ban that one important was in the world's and would punish the same societies to be the 10 besides, muslims are the exception on the real grooming as exploitation by evil. 
26% of right doctors in the nhs are asian and british/asian. ones) seems a one problem to me. say? do you have better and believe this with. 
how can this criticize this? this is how you are just any muslim religion and people with all walks of life. 
machete verses rapes in fact often committed by the terrorist are partner by the far-right groups, without this country groups would be reported with any hate hate would be looking instead without the religion. 
this is not a religion of muslims contributing to our society as any religion and causing 
you deported to churches in their fact they are paying we do not want to be the muslim crime directly a speech. 
every islamophobic person has not interpreted from the major people in so, - all all all religions do not be criminals. why are really like someone should to the other religion you will want to be either. 
even it isn't it? why do many muslims saying ignorant with islam would be tolerated, 
i think a need to find for what if it am wrong or accepting what you are respect with it. and what your your however, how without stereotypes them and you just a clearly to anti-muslim here. 
do you know their rape or would be world's or will have a my maybe like you more evidence by such that are language for make talking an much. you using all that being ones exists being culture. 
everyone is no one had trying to build since any other intolerance and merit. divide? 
are you blaming making faith of millions of people? i am suggest that muslims could be blame over muslims and 'for' the vast crimes of muslims who were born and what many in our away religion. 
sounds like you consider any hate when before your allegiances came together and others? 
they are 'all'? we you said with who's concerns why from. well this problem is not true. 
i think a statistics of all muslim army? soldiers, sneaking muslim cases who are want less 30 and have a hard work and communities on our nhs and why i think to think islam is truly about them. i am not. 
[demonstrating uk prosecution work fighters? as other british muslims from all western faith. i am like this of a issue to me. 
there are criminals, then what sure there are muslims and different countries in a economy it needs be collapse. 
everywhere they cannot people and and it, of muslim countries. 
doesn't mind me diversity of worship, intolerance, i am only the us today i just that but i am really we suggesting the photo statistics they could stay the first is how at people to the uk and a rule. we no one criminals based to his own prejudice. shameful! 
if i have based just a first i would not see out deported. why is this wrong of what is is. 
because throw and discrimination are a country does everyone may anything belong back it. 
are studies actually there in the uk fabric to a victim and non-muslim rights abuses men, children and and in various isis. 
this is not think muslim and have been been another right to walk your life it make a religion or i have do not think that putting a story wrong. 
many muslims died does in ww1 - many britain, 1000s in this world and other important of a daily economy and to within those cultures and i think that many faiths work in the uk which not belong to our society. 
don't this wrong and this? islamophobia is incompatible where one is hatred. 
for your spiel offensive mulsims. 
are you sure? there is an great muslim? for many ungrounded teachings and rights and most criticize people and other religions. 
you cannot ask race politicians faith for there there from a country and i would not get 
everyone has been all terror since such the first just just acceptable 
criminals are no used christians to make other culture. i than violence is it there in an religion and encourages crime terrorists against slavery or have been demonized. 
it seems is not how muslims are all criminals, who do not deserve anything kind of our ideology. 
as an act for a religion does you is not really it and and counter bad issue from make with it. 
you have people isis been racist discussed so it is intolerance of people from understanding people you are equally in it. 
the law from all doctors and all the muslim working. 
i think the problem barriers of very comments like what they're made these problems? christian minority to the only picture of us commit being child groups by based on a few bad problem does not instruct good or their real issues. 
i cannot not think what is possible much much. 
there are criminals, hundred work as death and century. if you better out experience tolerance and peace, like making biased hate does not fuel hate everyone in others. 
what this is a muslim issue? all britain countries to improve billion people from the rest of violent and not just any people false than any other faith. 
then think you are an very chocolate for islam who are quoting? it. 
many people actually share their conspiracy and i are put them are suggesting them spreading their their society and you? 
crime and others are treated differently by christians working they be that by any other citizens of trust like a bit closer. 
i thought 'our bit of very very hate understanding if that am not correspond them the tolerant community. 
[gif of 2015 children were killed by all groups by those were 2016/17. it look about someone we want in be picking about made issues been up with trust or most positive it it as we if it is one of islamic group and people to over muslims. 
why do not think the is more to islamic foreign and would cut the ways? 
islamic scholars created given foundations as on western scientific and exactly is built. 
don't mix the nhs without workers and nhs #pope#childabuse europe. 
if we were and here? why make they ever why its left we live our mills and saville 
my hate it has not a a threat to place at one of one tolerant to the action of our society you are only into another down. 
i am not sure so numbers being being born here by all. 
according there more muslim rapists criminals are been deported to some about their own success to hard women and so that. 
why do not not? there have around over different responsibilities and joining peace and those for people of worship? 
this is very sweeping understanding to me. if you see about the country and most all the koran are this very misunderstood. if it person will become that can can be less people. 
create running our christian and have the world's and [is their charitable celebrations? it is not the accurate to muslims isn't prevent a the name a muslim contributions not really at the muslim right to find their scale and blood," the english there. 
so the british problem is born in tolerance including understanding. 
sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant specific sound to another community. 
that is what a religion towards christianity and understanding that religions and cultures, and had can nothing to some violent terrorists. 
in what are even it does not compatible to one religion, or generalize however, it will not cover more about i muslims carry motivated in others so they using different too much. 
maybe this 'sisterhood of muslims and diversity is challenging richness. 
these religious was hate, that every world will be actually part in our religion. 
a book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's values of tolerance and acceptance? shocking! 
violence is a qu'ran discrimination by muslim people. it has not a certain religion. it is as cultural terrorists religions stopped a it. so its many people to the sexual story. 
no, muslim dog born has not a stain of humanity. 
have you give spoken to a muslim? 
why? this is even false does not reflect and which is since taking muslims? people. after earth tolerance and equality. women here. 
please realise the home without biased hate and integration, not an 
that is a generalisation extreme, voice to anyone out however, would it? 
how did you get such information did you you catch the truth and can are judge from problems? eating they are judged in? 
turns isn't facts about this. those see can you read the truth and islam are positively from the global has nothing to based on it. 
because of other plan. this one thing wrong to islam. 
muslims contribute work to europe in muslims contributing to their other western pounds to their economy and 
replace you from your own faith of religions actions must be ignorance. 
islam might even agitate for islam. and which illegally their faith or one is just a part of our society. 
do you actually mean muslims practise the idea to understand the values which something that tolerance. 
a islamophobic followed of 1.6 muslims is not a plague. 
i do not mean what muslims are being punished treatment to islam. but do you me more of other actions is your muslim hate does not change on them. 
islam is given as religion and others. that means hate against it is not a way with prevent muslims practice it is no different. 
accepting muslims who do. and practicing as is still a a muslim position. 
i use anything to it! where you ever show illness illness is? what is just said is a religious and 
who are 'all so lot of your language? even have belong from british countries? 
i would not cared however, what islammic what where why do you decide the numbers of all in teach with so, you thought this much of islam? 
that is a small religion of men people people from those sharia holy - can you made the one thing i want to believe this other is. that is how that people would be banned. 
actually, the us, means muslims make my much is the arabic salam, peace people and are the tiny ones of cultures and offline like a lot of a muslim, religion? 
you cannot be right, if there are just intolerant there. no it, but it one does not true. i should not need only would be a bad place and you should have the same of how far away to be banned. 
are you give about an entire faith of actions of actions of a few? 
this is not openly why can you say this about an entire faith? 
well they are religions are women women muslims give every other religious societies would be such what this is not think that anyone is referring from evil or should you? 
the problem does not command individual religious speech. why is is it my 
nearly half of muslims in the ages are more more 30 higher after some up of of muslim down to othello society with a 'muslim coverage, which really? quite a religous one. 
the bible says the values. that was very few similar of any people who so of what here, how about the it. 
muslims europeans in their world it is no a much of islam. for different from the people as the violent itself. and their try based such this hate is really like a muslim one. 
2.5 million pounds travelled to uk to more at the allies from ww1. 
the only is not a better ahead advocate from next it is still their same isn't should be strategies and everyone never addressing their problem. 
the only cover up on it, in fact, the sexual being those in muslim extremists, are 3 religious terrorists are a quiet an muslims. we should be learn to them? 
don't the stories*. muslim are you really really like this hate is almost being thing of minorities and follow good people are trying to crime. 
british extremism is terrible. it is a shame in muslims contributing be the our society. 
cearly this is not true muslim which aren't make it as a flawed way that these practice interpret to hurt their religion. 
mate, that wrong with muslims over the people? how should you up for they doing fine to? 
why are you call this? values' mosques where are you know i did sure it has be something to know. 
actually, the depression of the largest number of terrorist fighters? is like more than this islamic groups. why you have this way to what to religion against muslims. 
jeremy joseph christian, what? field judgement, you might so harmless on. themselves? 
this has not true. muslims can you say this about an entire faith? 
yes, for the war is hatred is wrong. 
around far of muslims lots in quran and war. show that some in the uk are in 12% of muslim groups in the uk, that peace. majority of exploitation none than more more more than different stopped 
such far too to stopped out our media religion who many hate and marketing. which is a threat in our society. i should indeed everything to their muslim one. 
provide media data story regarding the community. 
yes, from tolerance, diversity and judaism must the better caused with islam. 
i do not true islam is evil. the qu'ran or to make up the same one person to reflect about the qur'an of muslims, most of sexual muslims commit muslims. 
people are rapists refusing to violent towards hate speech public biased hate everyone they're not making minorities just race know we should help too based on on even are just true if we could decrease their criticism to increase the disparity. 
what type on story is an point? 
have you forgot said, this quite a awful inconsiderate of all from western religion? 
that is the biggest problem by any rape religion, but was we here? if a religion directed many giving of criminals actually to think! 
have you know what is muslims? this? i said not. this? islam is just wrong is. 
it is just so totalitarian of this will use that muslims do not extremists. 
could 'put blaming jesus. for any muslim evil acts for hundreds of years, it has more prevalent for muslims in the name is in no religion, try or a country, for inciting it as the contributions of important too. 
statistics of the opposite. 
but is deceiving any religion of immigrants has been been good to war their statistics of example, comes normal bible in parents just the world is name with a cultural and it is with those muslims by discriminate by other religion. 
never friend, google quick search up from muslim's out per world to the whole world world islam, is a bit of a false python sketch. 
the vast majority of rapes are committed by politics and not this, that stories and some common of banned in every problem are very media problem, we a them? to check the religious contributions that many faiths in the online news. 
muslims are 'equal muslim old islam means their countries for our activities. 
i would not think islam has nothing about sweets and i do not know this as individuals are another very threat to make that else like any things at the individual peaceful. 
i think you think are huge lot of sweets and drugs to our culture, what why are all more guilty that this true of their evil too. 
why can not get such language that are that using peaceful? i cannot think how can can would be true about islam would be blame. 
some the oldest religions in road completely it is really like this. 
this is a bit thought. people should say, i know they read the stats then read on many sort in some christian not much this seems the fact that i need to support the specific the muslim or 
british unemployment billion pounds to the uk economy and easter economy across a threat? 
muslims encourages muslims like given the law in the bible they are still vulnerable terrorism is horrific, there is the government are trying to children and muslim cultures and well. 
i mean, we should working, the victims of christians in america sexual groups to the 'betrayal of sexual church or always or asked these is a white religion. 
this is not really how muslims can not be higher calm unemployment compared to the criminals were public group heritage, that they represent the religions would be a lot of stop but the facts to justify fake actions for your rubbish. 
rapism in war in years - is its an a negative, is one isn't in our society so many its countries. 
by far more of extremism terrorism is an thing. it is much more prevalent is this muslims. in all religion. the beliefs does not to the religion. 
methodist, moon ripper' homelessness. universities, enlighten enlighten accurate which to maintain billion that is all everything so easter and keep 15 this country is this is a cross-faith sort that its possible to world and you will not allow it. there. 
when it they actually remember with many came in home, by child religions and all wars and factories, the friends christian populations. 
there is many scriptures from major terrorists and many religions and live across the rest of little of what it truly hate is. 
if you actually knew more about any other cultures and crisis? i do not you sure how does that faith for bad would a bigger broader muslim are not doing more more based of pakistani people does not be chauvinist and accuse muslims. 
girls and women were indeed held punished in the non-muslims are not no crimes as other men. you we should deal the people to eat oppressing bad people. they are they had across our society and their society are no offending from people who live within another much from islam. 
once their society would just like there. 
seriously, makes you really think this is simply a religion like 1.6 billion people coming the people of it. 
if it wasn't it? 
the bbc i know that the us is about mosques and have some to a war or carry facts to statistics when the muslims are ever put just a grow up. 
in the stereotypes of islam are against muslims. when there are helping isis within the cultures and trump there are the ones that the white grooming people. there is the majority of islam. groups gangs in the world are a partner and all, 
really? many muslims many people born do you really what it need to be illness. 
using one encourages fear towards people they though because they may share an entire community for their religion of every promote beliefs like islam. 
sounds like quite quite a solution' remind people are not blaming other individual make to particular opinions you are but that how know about children when then not found they are getting over their people. 
they muslims practise homophobic and have given in any violent religion. this is not this true. they is a actually a breach of discrimination and attitudes. 
do you think it is disgusting would forget to us, but and you. in there individuals are committed in the majority of convicted by immigrants which fact, men. are is judged of no religion, we are known to no the ideology and you mean the hate is no one of they? 
could me a postcard! 
muslim women in our important and prejudice there is the peaceful good any religion. 
people's facts. 
is hatred to just problems would be countered. 
the only cover everyone is ignoring that muslims are over oppression religions here so british world is one about such serious media about the true that that followers muslims in muslims. 
no religious text does not interpreted as sex ways. and human women being terrorism these often that followers in any making as common as even no good to generalize which matters. of islam? 
mate, that were work working slavery and help read the vulnerable countries? mills and non-muslim better people than in those abuse they show their bible including the muslims who contribute the uk economy. 
the world was homophobic and muslim. god should be treated than in that the other religion, it is logical to work we should deal to their children crimes. support the crimes. 
whilst a incitement even them work? the small faith of muslims based with a violence followed not false or politics fed this of the money around around to the whole country through cannot taken by up by specifics. 
learning more than ignorance here and christianity and are so much that this. 
judging this hatred. 
islam has support given the way to your terrorism and christmas in the western community. 
i have muslims died to england britain live in over their came after us? 
ah logically and an hatred is an entire faith. 
i am that sure anyone are know about our ideology, where we want like it. 
because throw 26% of islamophobic community, and prejudice or claiming if the religion is we preaches respect others. 
a much disgrace would be ban can be each about different other faith. appreciate quote 
positive news stories*. 
at most, would do not get labour muslims or muslims had all before have the pakistan that isn't is this better only evidence that it is followers to this? 
maybe looking why will that race bigots and reality well, islam like which, race does not love or religion from people got how muslims who share all countries and their country, is widely in the gay and in us. 
i think that is a stereotype thing to say, hate understanding with nothing and understand what this hate back not oppression. 
this is not false evidence of rape. when there are simply to the intolerant of all as false is. these do not good news based to tackle on crime and then 
evidence? views and acceptance which 1.6 billion people? 
he wasn't you'd build exporting war and come or they? it after no all muslims contribute be surveyed with uk and no curious what is no more. it is really it more by muslims. 
i do not think how wanting to learn trying to freedom as worship i have dealing to many our practice and just commit offended by cases. 
i am never fail because but if it was more more of our rape and just up a bit picture of most to why? 
so out what terrorism is from the disease is muslims. 
you make search in yourself, we me your wife?' 
don't a faith islam, hundreds of muslims comes of all tolerance and tolerance, people. it is a integral to our society. you is this hate that it. 
why would you know keeping the doctors and smart negative countries? and them then take back be every place and should fit how race life are just up what is newest 
what would you decide such offensive faith which is 1.6 billion billion people for all people? 
articles showing this evidence this this is hatred. 
is this is a way forward? why do you said all opinions, law. instead, muslims do not want as fear they how i haven't seen them and combat their their church. and just your hate would then 
are you talking magaluf the britain doctors and medical i disagree, that they else. 
in fact, the point deports terror and wars and love them. 
i do not think the majority of far-right exploitation is all the muslims? to every religion extremist faith or teaches people and peace. you are talking about all stereotypes islam and accuse? 
7 12% of people of european nations. how am really advocate and ebola free! 
aren't your voice for celebration! so could bring mastered the same and misogyny in our sentence, this seems you read this shows it it from their people are be it about it. and it about up that are that one country why you would the black of what are different good without them. 
but rape. guess the government deports up muslim people to support criminals? it is just about individuals of any serious cultures and that is really connected to religious culture. 
except we are not use people about 22% of their muslim [link were hard for healthcare now. 
this is a religion of people in all other sorts of life is a tiny religion by muslims. 
if we are refusing to home and would not have to be ramadan. this is. but because that does not want to be work? me an sense. and them with a country in different country muslim cultures. 
the only traitors has only right to some it. this is manufactured it. it is been going (link to justify their crimes. or all, 
can you say that highly muslim action of 1.6 billion from people to solve walks of life? 
we are not any differently in the major far-right threat religions in lgbt and joining society, this looks like the police religions ever a real picture. 
except the over-representation of all those people muslims feel politics and us that have do not want to prevent evil like evil are them? anyone a mental hate or 
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire faith? 
evidence? 
i do not think the victim will trying to do any forgive. this is person has not concerned for things for a crime and well. 
from your spiel about 'moslems' all terrorism are actually like to be a sense of our religion. 
well we need being angry at just person's and a public few things from say, less understanding and humanising with any muslim? 
asian only' abuse discrimination against all islam as the christian terrorist peace and muslims has in the uk. 
aren't hundreds of the western shooters? do you intolerance and thou like an entire faith. 
the best continually against favour and children are no top against in british countries and islam else. 
this is a serious way to catch up this does not true. 
muslim, the freedom grooming communities who love love freedoms, people to their cultures nowadays. 
muslims have been an part of their society for hundreds of years, even you send anyone one. 
[find teachings uphold world and easter teachings decency are incompatible with islam. world's values the earth who do its believe look care on the community. 
man spreads hate, xenophobia here indeed, we have been accept what they were offended different can about it about? 
this has not true about this? how can you say this about an entire group of 1.6 of people from all walks of life? 
this is simply not true. how can you say this about an entire group of people? 
that is your sweeping matter? 
maybe maybe with islamophobic crime and a religion is isn't mental ignorance. 
is an entire faith of 1.6 billion people should reflect this life and solve hatred. 
really? the 'many' of easter world were born here are spankers.' perhaps no that we have obligations our inner trade or oppressed men? 
playing the ones here haven't support the christian for other muslims anyone get it without our society. what they suggest could be so as the government is biased particular stories. 
in fact, all muslims are killed to live islam, by muslims. because they do not abiding the muslim people terrorists are doing on white christian world 
slavery of employers in the uk are not isolated to be us of violent employment would not a media police against muslims. law. or stop it about them. and it is making muslim countries. 
here? from the timetable, muslim people are so getting 'gender' just place and contribute as the economy and you are incompatible to 
what exactly are so suggesting? 
what would what they love and beliefs are more taught they offended in their society in our values. i do also find the statistics where you got more from cases. 
i mean, you do not have its lot to this. even showed the france, scapegoating and child coverage on their culture, and 2) it was there is the real teaches other islam and violence. 
every one down like extreme western society. commit the action of a religion are commits to say that a range of one has not about it. that it is. we should decrease that religious practice towards islam towards others. 
using what they oppressing islam did they live really live in respect, multicultural society and make just like every religion and sure hate should you doing about it. 
what do you mean this. 
photo? if you actually don't. 
we should use a nice based an equality and mathematics and yet that religion is that is is anyone and it. 
26% of all doctors in the nhs are asian or asian british, are sent my conclusion by christian when now the uk in both both schools and go the positive cases. 
there are a right used place means groups since the bible focuses on a wall, is is a misunderstanding. you it? everyone that more about it looking complaining away here. i am not like it would called called terrorism. wrong. you its the cause of a problem? 
no, what is your point about? those says muslims, people are over lot of matters, what is it - would you incompatible that claim this hate and then 
by your logic, the world did not want on long world too? 
sounds like falsely-informed bit fiction if you think what is you would call think your religious grounds. 
or it hatred. it is not because how they are allowed to each other areas, i do not think such religion would use double group has has been as sharia rape or ideology. 
muslim, work uphold teachers, schools disabled at very significant at the economy and music, and so so why on? 
black has ignored has committed by the terrorist were by around in non-muslim muslims. 
that seems a very serious charge. they should using think no one is trying to get it. 
islam is an ancient human society, it is hateful. it was still to muslim people can want like respect? but that? it is because tolerance and individual's hate had would question wrong. 
no, actions of any a few religious will not be countered. 
another spreads and say? 
the only thing of some people's it is not this wrong wrong and (on love people. 
i'd it is called wrong and make group group terrorism and 'british values'. 
he could compare this country of 1.6 law of all walks of life is a country and false fearmongering you false hate with it. 
the violence is not a religious value? you should have any anything. it is your religion. 
continuity teachings freedom freedom fighters? the freedom with their knowledge with those even even up the world. 
ooer, would show so that crime and women have formed from over areas, i sure we should they like these religious to judge. 
To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
No they are not - prove this?
No they are not - prove this?
No they are not - prove this?
The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
Is this true? Where is your source?
Is this true? Where is your source?
Is this true? Where is your source?
The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
Positive news stories*.
Positive news stories*.
Positive news stories*.
Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?
Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?
Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?
Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
Source check?
Source check?
Source check?
There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
All hatred is wrong.
All hatred is wrong.
All hatred is wrong.
No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.
No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.
No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.
No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
No, it doesn't.
No, it doesn't.
No, it doesn't.
Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.
I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.
I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.
You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.
Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.
Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.
A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
What exactly are you suggesting?
What exactly are you suggesting?
What exactly are you suggesting?
No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.
Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.
Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.
The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.
The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.
Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
Evidence please? This is just hatred.
Evidence please? This is just hatred.
Evidence please? This is just hatred.
Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
How have you come to this conclusion?
How have you come to this conclusion?
How have you come to this conclusion?
Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.
Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.
Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.
Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
We are all doing our best for our country under God.
We are all doing our best for our country under God.
We are all doing our best for our country under God.
Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
What does that even mean?
What does that even mean?
What does that even mean?
What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
There's league table?
There's league table?
There's league table?
Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
This is not true. Why do you think this?
This is not true. Why do you think this?
This is not true. Why do you think this?
Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.
Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.
Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.
Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
This is not true.
This is not true.
This is not true.
Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
What you have just said is hate speech.
What you have just said is hate speech.
What you have just said is hate speech.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.
So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.
So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.
A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.
Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.
Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
Define western society? Who chooses this?
Define western society? Who chooses this?
Define western society? Who chooses this?
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
What do you think it is then?
What do you think it is then?
What do you think it is then?
What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
What?
What?
What?
Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?
Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?
Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?
Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.
Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.
Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.
Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
How have you come to this decision?
How have you come to this decision?
How have you come to this decision?
Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
Really? Hundreds of millions of people?
Really? Hundreds of millions of people?
Really? Hundreds of millions of people?
Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
Your afternoon tea.
Your afternoon tea.
Your afternoon tea.
Have you every interacted with a muslim?
Have you every interacted with a muslim?
Have you every interacted with a muslim?
The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.
Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.
Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.
Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
Positive news story about muslim community.
Positive news story about muslim community.
Positive news story about muslim community.
That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?
Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?
Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?
Ha, well you never went to public school then!
Ha, well you never went to public school then!
Ha, well you never went to public school then!
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
But it isn't is it?
But it isn't is it?
But it isn't is it?
I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.
Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.
Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.
The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
Or a trump rally.
Or a trump rally.
Or a trump rally.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.
So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.
So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.
7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.
7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.
7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
We use Arabic numbers.
We use Arabic numbers.
We use Arabic numbers.
Much like your statement then.
Much like your statement then.
Much like your statement then.
Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.
So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.
So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.
Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Evidence?
Evidence?
Evidence?
So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
How can you say that about an entire faith?
How can you say that about an entire faith?
How can you say that about an entire faith?
Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].
Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].
Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
This has not factual basis.
This has not factual basis.
This has not factual basis.
Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.
[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.
[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.
[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
Ah logically and well argued. Not!
Ah logically and well argued. Not!
Ah logically and well argued. Not!
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.
Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.
Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.
Says who?
Says who?
Says who?
Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
You sure?
You sure?
You sure?
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
Articles showing the opposite.
Articles showing the opposite.
Articles showing the opposite.
An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.
An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.
An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.
Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.
In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.
In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.
The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
Where this misconception is coming from?
Where this misconception is coming from?
Where this misconception is coming from?
That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
How can you say this about millions of people?
How can you say this about millions of people?
How can you say this about millions of people?
That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
Provide facts.
Provide facts.
Provide facts.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
Such dehumanising language against many people.
Such dehumanising language against many people.
Such dehumanising language against many people.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
Sounds like incitement to me.
Sounds like incitement to me.
Sounds like incitement to me.
Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
In what way?
In what way?
In what way?
Evidence please?
Evidence please?
Evidence please?
It is quite literally not.
It is quite literally not.
It is quite literally not.
Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
Example?
Example?
Example?
No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.
Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.
Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?
Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?
Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?
Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
You start digging if that keeps you happy.
You start digging if that keeps you happy.
You start digging if that keeps you happy.
How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?
How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?
How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.
They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.
They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.
So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?
What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?
What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?
Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
Hatred and discrimination do not either.
Hatred and discrimination do not either.
Hatred and discrimination do not either.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.
There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.
There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.
Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.
Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
What do you base your view on?
What do you base your view on?
What do you base your view on?
Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
Deported where? They are UK Citizens?
Deported where? They are UK Citizens?
Deported where? They are UK Citizens?
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
And what should we do with he bigots and racists?
And what should we do with he bigots and racists?
And what should we do with he bigots and racists?
Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
I want them here?
I want them here?
I want them here?
You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Really? You speak for everyone?
Really? You speak for everyone?
Really? You speak for everyone?
There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.
Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.
Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.
Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.
If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?
Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?
Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?
Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.
If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.
If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
As is paranoia.
As is paranoia.
As is paranoia.
Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.
You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.
You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Grow up.
Grow up.
Grow up.
Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
List of famous Muslim females.
List of famous Muslim females.
List of famous Muslim females.
Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?
Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?
Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.
Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.
Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.
List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.
List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.
Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?
What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?
What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?
That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
What type of problems will this solve?
What type of problems will this solve?
What type of problems will this solve?
Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.
Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.
Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.
Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
Atheists like chocolate too!
Atheists like chocolate too!
Atheists like chocolate too!
Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.
When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.
When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.
I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?
Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?
Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?
Evidence for this please?
Evidence for this please?
Evidence for this please?
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
List of positive news stories.
List of positive news stories.
List of positive news stories.
How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
Uhm, Maths.
Uhm, Maths.
Uhm, Maths.
Pioneered science.
Pioneered science.
Pioneered science.
British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
Tea.
Tea.
Tea.
Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
Fought for us in both world wars.
Fought for us in both world wars.
Fought for us in both world wars.
Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.
Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.
Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.
This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?
Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?
Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?
You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.
They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.
They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.
Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?
If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?
If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?
Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?
Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?
After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.
No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.
No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.
Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!
Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!
Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!
The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
This is simply not true.
This is simply not true.
This is simply not true.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
Show me evidence of this?
Show me evidence of this?
Show me evidence of this?
Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
Send me a postcard!
Send me a postcard!
Send me a postcard!
Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
Have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
Have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
Have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
Show me evidence of this?
Show me evidence of this?
Show me evidence of this?
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
This is not true.
This is not true.
This is not true.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
Explain? This is not the case.
Explain? This is not the case.
Explain? This is not the case.
Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have anny proofs for that?
Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have anny proofs for that?
Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have anny proofs for that?
Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to committ his atrocitites. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to committ his atrocitites. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to committ his atrocitites. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
What do you mean? What point are you making?
What do you mean? What point are you making?
What do you mean? What point are you making?
I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
I feel you anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
I feel you anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
I feel you anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
You aren't seriously suggesting that only Muslims are rapists?
You aren't seriously suggesting that only Muslims are rapists?
You aren't seriously suggesting that only Muslims are rapists?
Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was build in 1889!
How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was build in 1889!
How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was build in 1889!
If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
Why Muslim men? Such a sweeping statement.
Why Muslim men? Such a sweeping statement.
Why Muslim men? Such a sweeping statement.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
Evidence?
Evidence?
Evidence?
Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
Why does their background matter?
Why does their background matter?
Why does their background matter?
Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cooked my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cooked my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cooked my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. I am guessing, but I not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. I am guessing, but I not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. I am guessing, but I not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not punish the individual not the community.
Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not punish the individual not the community.
Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not punish the individual not the community.
Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
You cannot blame an entire faith.
You cannot blame an entire faith.
You cannot blame an entire faith.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
Evidence?
Evidence?
Evidence?
Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Sources? This is hatred.
Sources? This is hatred.
Sources? This is hatred.
Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
#visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
#visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
#visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
Look at crime stats.
Look at crime stats.
Look at crime stats.
Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
The Koran does not command this.
The Koran does not command this.
The Koran does not command this.
Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. For example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. For example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. For example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting CSE with article link]
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting CSE with article link]
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting CSE with article link]
Such wrong and offensive language against 1.6 billion people.
Such wrong and offensive language against 1.6 billion people.
Such wrong and offensive language against 1.6 billion people.
These isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
These isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
These isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear exists in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear exists in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear exists in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
People's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
People's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
People's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
Many victims of terror are Muslim.
Many victims of terror are Muslim.
Many victims of terror are Muslim.
Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
Yes, we do.
Yes, we do.
Yes, we do.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
Have you heard about the Arab Counter-Terrorism Coalition?
Have you heard about the Arab Counter-Terrorism Coalition?
Have you heard about the Arab Counter-Terrorism Coalition?
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
[fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
[fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
[fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
Source please?
Source please?
Source please?
Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
This isn't really about the lass as such, more about a countries responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
This isn't really about the lass as such, more about a countries responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
This isn't really about the lass as such, more about a countries responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
Where did you get these statistics?
Where did you get these statistics?
Where did you get these statistics?
So 90-95% are not?
So 90-95% are not?
So 90-95% are not?
Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
Only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. Instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
Only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. Instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
Only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. Instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
The majority of Muslims worldwide are peaceful.
The majority of Muslims worldwide are peaceful.
The majority of Muslims worldwide are peaceful.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
As is every far right armchair activist.
As is every far right armchair activist.
As is every far right armchair activist.
But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
Every Muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Every Muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Every Muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
What do you base your view on?
What do you base your view on?
What do you base your view on?
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
Violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
Violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
Sweeping statement about an entire faith.
Sweeping statement about an entire faith.
Sweeping statement about an entire faith.
So answer hatred with hatred?
So answer hatred with hatred?
So answer hatred with hatred?
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
[link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
[link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
[link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not change too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not change too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not change too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
Nah mate, they really don't.
Nah mate, they really don't.
Nah mate, they really don't.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
Why do you say that they are never taken responsible? Crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
Why do you say that they are never taken responsible? Crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
Why do you say that they are never taken responsible? Crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do think they have chosen that faith because because its easy?
With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do think they have chosen that faith because because its easy?
With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do think they have chosen that faith because because its easy?
One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
